Very scenic drive going in and around the mountain ranges. First, the owners met us there and walked us through everything to make sure we were comfortable. The price is fair for what you get - I recommend I was able to take walks in the neighborhood, with the beautiful mountains in every direction I looked. I would highly recommend staying here and plan to return. The home is perfect for a family of 4 with 2 very comfy queen beds, cozy bedding and even gorgeous views from each room. The house is located on the edge of town with fantastic mountain views and covered parking. Headed out around noon and made it back to the home just in time for sunset. We were there for less than 12 hours, so for that it was fine. Had the fortune of seeing a hot air balloon on one of my morning walks, breathtaking... A private courtyard with beautiful views for morning coffee or evening cocktails. The home was very close to many stores for groceries (Albertson's, Smith's, Walgreen’s, Wal-Mart). I commented to a friend that this HGI was probably the cleanest hotel I’d ever stayed at. Very comfortable hotel within walking distance to restaurants and stores. We didn't use the fireplace as it was in the 90's the whole time we were there. The owners were very friendly and available for any problems. Washer and dryer is very helpful on our ski trip with two young kids. We were in town for hockey tournament, with the home being less than a 2-minute drive to rink - this was a huge plus. We mainly were in Taos for skiing but really got to enjoy the town and Pueblo as well. I loved my time here and look forward to next August! Joanne  and Mike had the place nicely decorated with a small Christmas Tree and lights. But I was charged a extra 25 dollars without using any extra amenities. I will forever miss the courtyard area where I spent every morning enjoying my coffee or breakfast and the magical sunsets sipping the perfect cocktail. It was only about a 35 minute drive to Taos Ski Valley or Angel FIre. This was around a 6-hour trip with the stops we made. The property is on a paved road and not far from grocery stores, gas stations and the Taos Plaza. This hotel is an a great area of downtown  Many options for business dinners. The staff was excellent all friendly and willing to help. The manager said it wasn't on their property so she couldn't do anything about the $150 bill. It is convenient and within walking distance to many restaurants and shopping The front desk staff were cordial and tried to help but did not appear to have much authority to do anything. This was my 1st time staying at this hotel and i loved it! My only issue, which I don't think the hotel has much control of as it could have happened anywhere, but this was a first for me, my neighbors were having 'relations' all night and the walls were extremely thin. It was good overall, but the fact that the hotel charged $13-$16 for breakfast was much too expensive. The kitchen was well stocked as we like to eat-in most nights when on ski trips. we arrived later than expected, but hotel night staff was very friendly and when realized that I made a mistake in booking, he fixed the problem without me even asking. The bed was comfy and the breakfast was very good! Nice location for walking around the town center, but keep in mind this hotel is not near the ocean. Thanks for offering such a warm and inviting home away from home. The tv is small but we weren't there to watch tv. The very welcoming owners greeted us upon our arrival to their perfect home away from home in the gorgeous Taos area. We will definitely keep this place on our top list. Each air-conditioned room at the hotel provides comforts such as a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries, flat-screen TV, refrigerator, microwave, tea/coffee maker, hair dryer, ironing facilities, and desk. I was very impressed with the hotel and staff and comfort of the room. Windows don’t open, but the heating/cooling system works well, if a bit dry. I have been to Virginia Beach for school four times in the past year. The door took at least 5 tries until it would open. Even on vacation we like to cook in a lot of time. *Hike down the side of the Rio Grande Gorge to Manby Hotsprings (also called Black Rock) - 30-minute drive from the home. Quiet location with the owners nearby if we needed anything. My husband and I spent a lovely weekend in Taos at Cada de Pajaro. Michael and Joanne were welcoming and communicative, and even brought us a newspaper and let us know about local events we may be interested in. I would certainly stay there again should I return to Taos. We appreciated the comfy beds, laundry room and a fully equipped kitchen. The small kiva fireplace was a huge hit with us and plenty of firewood. Easy to find location with lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. A bit of a further drive (10 minutes or so) will put you to a couple of the wonderful natural grocers on the north end of Taos (Cids and Taos Market, which we loved!) The property and house were very well maintained and the bed was very comfortable. My only negative comment was the quality of the bed linens as they kept sliding off the bed. I like the snack bar and we really enjoyed dinner one night. The interior is decorated nicely and the corner fireplace was wonderful. The local channels did not appear to be in high definition. The kitchen was very well supplied with the needed dishes and cooking utensils including a side by side refrigerator with through the door icemaker. Not sure if my teenage daughter heard or slept through it, but no 'awkward' conversations yet. The home is perfectly situated for taking many day trips, which we thoroughly enjoyed while we were there: *Driving the Enchanted Circle (Taos to Questa, then Red River, over to Eagle's Nest Lake and down to Angel Fire and back to Taos). The weather was great so we kept the windows open - including at night. I found out she was wrong when my car was towed and had to walk 10 blocks to get it with my young daughter. Joanne and Mike know the area well and can provide advice on many things to do and see. Amenities at this hotel include fitness facilities, 24-hour business center, coin laundry, luggage storage, meeting rooms, and free on-site parking. I don't know if maybe it was just my particular room but the drainage in the shower was slow, by the time I finished showering the water was up to my ankles. It would not be that big of the deal except the hotel charged a premium for the room, which I paid without receiving the benefit. The Casa is well situated very close to town, yet I you are also in the land of big New Mexico sky. We had some cold nights and never felt cold in the home. The Hilton generally was fine but I had an issue with my booking. Bathroom was not very clean- found hair on floor and in tub. The room and the hotel seemed tired, old and not clean. We enjoyed our stay at this location for 4 days. Holiday inn Express is a much better deal, but overall the stay was good and the hotel was nice and new. When I got to the hotel, they told me that I had booked a handicap accessible room. Highly recommend staying here if you decide to visit Taos. It was so hard we barely slept and hit the hot tub as soon as it opened to ease our hips and back. The place is very nice right in town but no noise to bother you during your stay. The Birdhouse was exactly the comfortable, quiet, clean home we were looking for during our short stay in Taos. The two of us enjoyed staying here for 6 days. $20 for a day pass to spa and you will love it, so relaxing. I did so that evening and, to date, I have not heard back. The kitchen was well stocked for meal preparation (I cook many meals while on vacation, so this was very much appreciated). I wish the parking was better but it wasn’t a deal breaker. It would've been nice to have a few extra items like oil and more seasonings but those are nice-to-haves. One caveat: no free filtered water in the rooms or ice room. However, We were minutes from downtown Taos and enjoyed a few evenings out. This family-friendly hotel features an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi access throughout. My experience was great here I will return again next year for a vacation to Virginia Beach. The property was very clean and had everything you would need for a quick stay or a long stay. The room was clean and the hotel in general wsas wonderfully decorated. Kiva fireplace was nice with well seasoned firewood provided with the unit. The Garden Grille & Bar is open for breakfast and dinner each day while guests can enjoy drinks from the full bar in the Pavilion Lounge. Whenever we are in the Virginia Beach area, we always stay here! We had a wonderful stay and enjoyed this great property. Do people not plan out the coverage before placing the access points? The 24-hour Pavilion Pantry is well stocked with convenience foods and snacks. I showed them the reservation on my app but was told (1) that the reservation showed otherwise and (2) that I should forward a screenshot to the hotel manager. The location is great with lots of shopping and food close by. Bring your own or purchase it from the vending machine. My family really enjoyed staying at  Casa Del Pajaro. Joanne and Michael make sure you have everything you need to be comfortable. Loved the patio both for enjoying coffee in the morning as well as eating outside in the evening. Have stayed here many times to visit our son who is stationed at Oceana NAS. Best part: the courtyard is fragrant and serene--the perfect place to end the evening. The flat screen high definition tv is rather small and you are limited to streaming Netflix and local channels. Since I expect more from the Hilton name and price tag, I gave it a lover rating as it was a bit dated and not very high end. It had all we needed to fix breakfast in the mornings and dinner in the evenings. We loved opening up the window blinds and being able to see the clear views of the surrounding area homes and mountains in the near distance from all rooms of the home. Had we not had the hockey tournament bring us to Taos, I would still choose to stay at this lovely home for any return visit. Owner prepared everything you may need in this rental home- garlic presser, herb tea bag. I booked an Allergy Friendly (Pure) room on my Hotels.com app. The hotel is in a perfect spot with restaurants, stores and a mall within walking distance. I would rent here again and recommend to friends and family visiting the area. Hilton Garden Inn Virginia Beach Town Center is a fifteen-minute drive from Norfolk International Airport while Sandler Center and Pembroke Mall are just a block from the hotel’s front door. It's proximity to restaurants, shopping and entertainment are like no other. Hilton Garden Inn Virginia Beach Town Center is a three-star hotel located in the heart of Virginia Beach. The only downside was parking where I had to park across the street in a parking deck when I returned late. *Ojo Caliente Mineral Spa - around an hour drive from the home. It is in a very quiet, safe neighborhood away from the traffic of the plaza area. I will definitely return to this property and to HGI. JoAnne has anticipated every need in setting up the Casa. Close to downtown life and not bad for the price! I think the room had plenty of room and the temperature control was greatly appreciated. pillows were very comfortable, staff was nice checked in and out easily We did not stay for breakfast but I did enjoy my complimentary coffee in the room. The bed was the best part, if I could take it home I would. When I told housekeeping, they took care of the problem. Thank you for such a pleasant way to spend the weekend. Rooms were clean but a little small and bathtube needed some caulking. My wife is very particular about where she'll stay and this hotel meets and exceeds her expectations! The views, the kiva, the well stocked kitchen, great linens, and great hosts all made for a great stay in Taos. The owners had everything ready and the house was spotless. Location was conveniently located in the Towne Center and to our venue. You can walk in any direction and get good food! The receptionist told me it was off-season and  I could park anywhere by the beach. The guy that helped us with checking in was very nice and helpful. I don't get hotels they all seem to have crap wifi when it coke to the rooms. The stars are brilliant at night and it's so peaceful and quiet. The extremely clean home had everything we needed for our week long stay. The facilities were immaculate, but the entire staff was genuinely friendly and professional. Alex the lady at the front desk was excellent as were all the other staff members.
Buffet breakfast was good, we made sandwiches to take for lunch ( great while site seeing ) Staff friendly. Friendly staff, clean rooms, a little small but not bad. The hotel was wonderful, friendly staff and they have a rooftop bar that over looks the colosseum! The hotel is within 10 minutes of the Colosseum and 20 minutes of most attractions. A continental breakfast is included in the rates and room service is also available. Before we even arrived, I emailed them with questions and they responded quickly. You are also close to the subway to go to other sites in the city. For you Americans the lack of cold milk might be a little off putting, and the choice of food different the you would have at home...but you aren't at home, and no apologies are necessary - it was nice! Santa Maria Maggiore Basilica is less than a three-minute walk from the hotel, and Termini Railway Station is 850 metres away. Ended up leaving the patio door open all night ( in Feb) as it was too hot. This hotel is very Italian, rooms are small but we did have a little outdoor patio. Great city and good functional hotel located well for some of the main attractions, also well located for the small family run restaurants which are highly recommended to search out. I chose this hotel based upon reviews, but I feel that they were on the generous side. The staff were all friendly and helpful; from the front desk through to the dining room. Final tip is definitely do the bus tours as you can spend all day walking from attraction to another. The room had marble floors/  We loved the décor and location. Room is clean and pleasant , but the bed was on the hard side. Quiet, convenient location in walking distance to Forum, Colosseum, bus and metro stops. That being said this place is clean and well run - for what it is. Quite location near the train terminal and several major attractions. They have a room to store your luggage on the day of arrival and day of departure....We could not have had a more satisfying experience!! Great roof top accessible all day, and with bar service from 5p on. This is a very nice hotel in a great location. Overall its a good place to stay in and explore the City The ONLY bad thing was the bed was hard, but so were all the beds we stayed in during this trip. Perfect hotel for a quiet comfortable stay - breakfast fabulous. Really like the Hotel location to the sites in Rome and the roof top Patio. The shopping was a few blocks away but the only thing really worth mentioning is the fact that the hotel in in an alley way. It was only a 5 min walk to the Coliseum, Forum and several other tourist destination. The breakfast in the morning was okay its standard European breakfast so people who would like an American breakfast you won’t find it here. I noticed a regular customer was offered a cappuccino at breakfast whereas we were ignored by that same server. They were nice enough - but it felt like this was their second job. The rooms are small but clean and functional with a nice, newly renovated bathroom. We booked this hotel after learning our hotel was a nightmare. Where there was a taxi stand and the rates were fairly cheap. The magnificent Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore is 50 meters up the road and is an absolute MUST SEE- it is also free! There is a metro station 5 minutes away to get you to most attractions in Rome. The room was small but the Wi-Fi was absolutely horrible. The free breakfast is really basic - hard boiled eggs, ham, cheese, toast, cereal, juice. Our room (room 60) was spacious, clean and very comfortable,with a good bathroom,  a welcome sanctuary from the bustling streets below. Hotel room was fine and the hotel had a nice breakfast area. The rooftop space was amazing and they have a very nice Chianti that your friendly bartender will get you. All the iconic sites are within an easy walk if the hotel. Basically this is a great place for the budget minded. Hotel was great,room typical of European hotels,comfortable and clean for a family of 4 After being in Rome I would look closer to the Spanish Steps - better neighborhood & closer all the things you want to do. I guess it is ok if you are on a budget. We did not need A/C for our stay but it sure was nice to have a big window to open for fresh air and just to see what is happening on the street. At Hotel Colosseum, guests have access to bicycle and scooter rentals, a rooftop terrace with scenic views of Rome, conference and meeting facilities, as well as free Wi-Fi in public areas. The streets and laneways around the hotel are a vibrant and cosmopolitan experience. The breakfast provided is the standard European fair and once again, the ladies who keep the buffet and tables clean were very nice. This hotel was within walking distance of Basilica Papale di Santa Maria Maggiore. They also have a rooftop deck which gives you a wonderful view  of the city, including the Colosseum. Rooms also have satellite televisions, individually-controlled air conditioning, safes, private bathrooms, and complimentary Wi-Fi. Rooms are functional if a little dated... Good shower though... Breakfast is the Continental style with good Coffee. This means the elevator is very small and really slow, you can hear everything happening all around you, and it has one of those mounted heater/AC units above the bed. Room is  snug with beautiful en suite which is  also compact. The high ceilings in the rooms was a nice touch. The hotel was within walking distance from the Colosseum, it took about 10 minutes to walk there from this hotel. A little bit away from the Main Street so nice and quiet. Stayed only one night but we were quite pleased with everything. On quiet cobbled side road just off a main street. Be sure to check out the surrounding Monti area and it's amazing restaurants! They helped us set up tours,  scheduled drivers to and from airport, and answered basic first timers questions. Excellent place to stay, five minutes from the forum and other parts of classical Rome. 1 block to Santa Maria Maggiore (don't miss), and easy walk to Colosseum; great restaurants everywhere around. There was not a lot of variety for the breakfast The conceriege spike perfect English and was very helpful when you needed assistance. Small and cozy hotel that was next to several places to eat. Not recommended to walk if you have heavy luggage (even rolling kind). Top floor with a huge balcony which we did not expect at all! Hotel was clean and comfortable close to many sights in Rome. Excellent staff who are very keen to help with any questions you may have. Basically the hotel did the job for a few days - a place to sleep and shower. The hotel had lovely rooftop views and served a generous spread for breakfast. The hotel was excellent, especially the roof top bar with spectacular views. Very nice breakfast to start the day, lovely rooftop to end the day. It cost us about 20 Euro to go from there to Vatican City. Beware when you transfer as there is a another place with the same name not far away... Its a horrible B&B... Don't go there!.... Good range of buffet  cold food selection for their continental breakfast. The bed was firm, comfortable, and reasonably large - but we like that. Room size was great, bathroom size was great, real towels, toiletries, beautiful view, and the location was excellent. There was a very small TV with mostly obscure European programming if that's important to you. Breakfast was limited but it was a perfect way to start the day, very Roman. Roof Garden is a delightful area with great views over the City. Bathroom was also very small, but meticulously clean and modern. Tucked away on a quiet hillside street in the centre of the city, Hotel Colosseum provides comfortable accommodations, convenient amenities, and breathtaking panoramic views of Ancient Rome. When I asked another server for a cappuccino she was friendly and did bring us one. The rooms are basic and we had to ask for a kettle. We did appreciate the friendly staff member who helped us to our room. We walked in and it immediately was a breath of fresh air. The bed was hard, by our standards, but still acceptable. The roof had an excellent view and really made for a nice afternoon--after we had walked ourselves half to death trying to get in everything in just a few days. The service of the staff was excellent and the choice of food for breakfast was fantastic. From the staff to the room everything was soo nice. 5-10 mins walk from the bus station and about 15 mins walk to the Colosseum. Hotel Colosseum is a quick and easy walk from Termini Station. Only think I would suggest is for the hotel to change up the breakfast food a little bit. Nice hotel ,quiet location short walk away from restaurants and bars and tour bus stops friendly helpful staff And with the money we saved we ate like Emperors! There were a couple restaurants located right around the hotel. I am in college and me trying to use the Wi-Fi to do homework was nearly impossible. There is a very small safe mounted in the wall and the rooms aren't as small as some we've stayed in in larger cities. Guests can relax and enjoy drinks on the rooftop bar. The three paths that led to the hotel are often dark and deserted so naturally a couple who is in a country they've never been in might feel a little uneasy but we were fine and never had an issues. The room we had was small, but very clean and if you really want to appreciate Rome, you will be putting 15,000 steps on your Fitbit every day and will just want a place to sleep. Only thing missing was drink making facilities in the room. It was our first visit out of the U.S. Hotel Colosseum staff were wonderful! The nice ladies had coffee for us ahead of time, for our early departure days. Awesome location and the rooms were perfect for the trip. Actually, everyone in Italy was and cant wait to return! Hotel is an easy 10-15 minute walk to the Colosseum and the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore is right down the road. The property offers single, twin, triple, quadruple rooms, all featuring antique Italian furnishings. The rooftop terrace is very nice, but don't plan on using it during your stay if you come from October - the end of March.....definitely a warm weather area. Close to subway lines and walking distance to Rome attractions. The room was very small and the sheets and towels were dirty. We looked out over the beautiful terracotta rooftops of ancient Roman dwellings. close location to Coliseum, Forum, Palatine Hill, and Metro station. In addition, secured parking, airport shuttles, and sightseeing tours are available for a surcharge. Offer more complementary services like tooth brush and tooth paste Overall we had a good stay, but the area is not great. I had looked forward to a drink on the lovely terrace but ended up enjoying the sights of Rome on foot for hours. Hotel is easily accessible- 5 minutes walk from Metro station and 15 minutes walk from Terminal station. The front desk staff is as good as the google connection. Also,if you arrive early as we did they will store your luggage until check-in time. Rooftop for sunset is a must and my wife and I enjoyed the amazing views of Rome with wine and snacks! The roof top terrace is what it looks like and could be fun.
Weird issue as we fell asleep go with the TV on and it remained on. They told me that they had no record of the reservation. I didn't need to worry about anything like when I stayed at a motel. Omelettes made to order were very good, plus waffles, yum. The place was clean and the breakfast was very good for a hotel offering. Way too many hidden fees.... deposit, parking , tv, phone , even Some lights not working at room I was not able to find the reservation in my records or email, so I called the hotel. The hotel was generally nice and staff was quick with check in and out. We had to pay approximately $23 USD per night for parking. We even took to to the airport and saved $75 on cab fare! The buffet wasn't too bad, the guys down there were friendly. We were not able to control the temperature in our room, so we literally sweated at night, they suggested we open the window which was on Vermont street and very noisy, and there was no screen so anything could crawl or fly in the window.The neighborhood was a little sketchy as well The room did not have ceiling lights but lanterns, which did not work properly. It parked my car at the hotel because of the location. Front desk people were very helpful by printing something off from an email for me. I thought parking fee was a bit expensive, but I didn't feel safe enough to park on the street. Didn't like that we couldn't control our room temperature . I would stay there again because I like quirky hotels and locations, but I don't think I would recommend this to a first time LA tourist. The only issue we found was that the power that kept our only outlet for phone charger on, would go out at some point in the night, every night. I had made a reservation through Expedia and paid for it one year ago. The positive thing I can say is they do allow dogs for a small fee and the staff was friendly. We couldn't turn the bedside lamps on in the morning and our phones stopped charging at 50% every night. Uniquely-decorated and smoke-free rooms feature air conditioning, complimentary toiletries, blackout drapes, coffee and tea facilities, a television with pay movies, premium bedding, a hair dryer, a minibar and a refrigerator. The chef was friendly and genuinely wanted to make his patrons happy. I was very disappointed in the front desk staff and  their customer service. Mini fridge was a bit noisy in room so I unplugged it during the night  Area directly around hotel not nice but Los Feliz within short walk is great Only negative is that the neighborhood is not the best. The room was dirty upon entering with crumbs on the floor. When I pay this much for a mediocre room, I not only don't expect to pay to park, I would expect valet parking. I couldn't justify $400 plus per night to be closer to downtown so this was just fine by me. First night it was to hot and didn't sleep well . We had a reasonable price about 120us that night but when i got there they charged me 100us for a deposit that i was not aware of and 26.50us for parking lot. When we arrived there were 3 people behind the desk, however we stood there for 10 minutes while they counted money. I found there was no urgency to greet us or even smile as we approached the counter. Wish they had a restaurant in hotel as there aren't many choices within walking distance. Room not fully clean hair on floor and had a horrible oder It means housekeeping entering your room is mandatory when you’re not in your room and you don’t want them to go in your room you have no choice. They had a cheap jury rigged latch instead of replacing the damaged door.The staff member that checked me in was not very friendly and not helpful. Plus the elevator wasn't working so we had to carry the luggage up the stairs. I mentioned it to the staff on my out to town and she said that they would fix it. The Hotel staff was very courteous in answering all my question. Stayed here twice because it was convenient to area we were looking for an apartment and price was in our range. They do a good job about keeping the hotel updated. I gotta say I was fairly impressed with the hotel given that the nightly rate was the cheapest I could find (cheaper then a Best Western) and yet not totally off the beaten path. The walls seem relatively thin so there was some ambient noise, but not too much of a nuisance. The hotel is one block from the metro so you can essentially go anywhere in LA for $1.75 each direction. Hollywood Hotel is a pet-friendly family hotel situated in Los Angeles that features a sauna on every floor, free breakfast, a bar and an outdoor swimming pool. They also should make their parking free for their hotel guests. The staff in the breakfast area were kind and helpful. Never made it back to the hotel in time for the complimentary happy hour. We stayed there about 2 years ago and I had an amazing opinion of it back then.However this time was different. Valentino's Restaurant serves a varied breakfast each morning and W. C. Fields Bar is a cozy place to enjoy a beverage. Hotel parking is gated so I never worried about the safety of my vehicle. Rooms were comfortable but we did have hot water issues with the showers. I stayed here with my 2 younger cousins and our experience was good! As they are renovating there is some noise and drilling but not too bad. Staff was very nice and the hotel was kept clean and facilities were accommodating. Also in the walls it looked like there were holes that were meant for some sort of bracket. Breakfast best part of hotel .Breakfast room is very large and tend to be noisy in the morning making it difficult to work and have coffee! I cannot believe I heard an hotel with no A/C control at all especially in the middle of LA. Amenities offered at the hotel include complimentary Wi-Fi, 24-hour front desk, valet parking, laundry facilities, fitness room, tour desk, nightly entertainment,  a garden and sun terrace, shuttle service, luggage storage and concierge service. Staff was great, The hotel is not in a good area. I set the A/C to 65 degrees and still hot. For one the bathroom is nice but the showers need to be revamped. We did not ddrive from Phoenix to LA without a hotel reservation. Made to order omelettes, eggs and waffles and dining staff is very friendly. Built on 1903 this historic landmark is well maintained . Overall, we found the hotel to not be up to par as a 4 star hotel. Golfing, snorkeling, surfing, sailing, water skiing, windsurfing, biking and hiking are a few of the outdoor activities that are enjoyed in the area. Why the other 2 employees couldn’t check us in I’m still questioning? Hotel room was clean and the food and beverage manager/ bartender was so friendly and nice! In heavy traffic it took us 45 minutes to get to Disneyland (which isn't bad), and the same to get to Santa Monica Pier. The room was very hot and there was no way to turn on the air conditioning. We have stayed at a couple other hotels in Hollywood and this is by far the best experience we have had. The staff was very friendly and checking in and out was easy. I called the front desk and asked that the A/C is not cooling. The room was nice, but basically the same as your typical $100 room. The air conditioning was not working well and the room remained hot. Hotel is dated, but you can see they're putting an effort into their presentation as they are remodeling and under light construction inside. This hotel had reasonable rates and was close to where I needed to be. Well we stayed there because it is super close to Los Angeles Childrens Hospital. The good points of the hotel were that the staff was friendly, the room was very clean,  the breakfast is quite nice and the internet works really well. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was amazing. Hollywood isn't very nice its self but this is probably the best hotel you can stay at . I will not walk in the area by myself or allow my kids to walk around. For the price, we had a nice clean room, good service, free breakfast, and friendly staff. The sliding glass window to the balcony had large cracks in it and the lock was broken. Hotel is very secure, area surrounding the hotel was not. To top it all off the restroom was in bad need of maintanance, you cuould here all the noise from the hallways inside the room and there was no water bottles in the room. Very nice and clean place to stay for a couple nights. Overall it was a $100 experience with a price tag. The hotel is good but the area is a little more a 3. I had a credit card delivered to the hotel and they charged me $5. According to my friend, parking fee is not that bad. He talked to me in Spanish that really embarrassed me. The rooms were clean but had uninviting fake wood floors instead of carpet. Made reservations for 4 people 2 adults and a 17 and 16 year old girls, arrived at 9:30 at 9 and all they had was a king size bed,like I was going to sleep in one bed with my wife and 2 grown girls, no refund avalible, so that was 221 dollars and then had no choice but to pay them 80 more dollars for 2 roll away beds, then parking so one night at this mediocre hotel over 350 bucks, after they have your money they could care less about you  Put deposit down at your own risk or stay at a better place for lots less Cross the street, there are very yammy El salvador restaurant! I came to LA for one night to attend a party in Silver Lake, so I didn't want to spend a ton of money staying downtown. Our stay at the Hollywood hotel was adequate, but we paid a premium price since everything was pretty much booked. Then unfortunately we needed to stay unexpectedly another night there and when i tried to book that Monday night online the price of the room was 356us. We were charged $560 for a 1 night stay on NYE. I thought parking would be complimentary just like most hotels but no. I will not stay here again unless I am stuck like I was this time with no other hotels available. The omelettes were amazing thank you to the breakfast staff and the included breakfast.. the orange juice wasn’t great but, everything else was perfect.. Our room with two queen beds was spacious and clean. Rooms were nice, lobby was dated but overall was good for price... parking was $26 though... - very noisy, maybe you can get 3 hours sleep at most. I would stay there again because the positives outweighed the negatives but if I encounter the same customer service at the front desk I will not stay there again. When we arrived the staff member wasn't over friendly and I think to smile would of broken his face. The beds are hard as a rock and personally for me I couldn't stand the pillows, I had to add more. And that's so nice to experience as newly weds and on our Honeymoon. It was only me and my 2 little girls,  so walking to the Redline/metro everyday was a little scary for us. I was also disappointed that I had to pay an additional  fee to park in the hotel parking lot. The bathroom counter was broken and on the second night I was given what looked like used toiletries with dried lotion etc. 99% of the time the shower wasn't hot, it was a drama and the thing we dreaded the most of the day trying to have a nice hot shower. Our sink had a very large piece missing (a point the desk clerk warned me about so they have obviously let this go for a while). I chose it because it was close to Universal Studios, but because I have never stayed in LA/Hollywood, I didn't realize I had chosen a sketchy area. I asked for a fan because it was so uncomfortable but was told that they didn't have any. Bathroom is small and old and definitely can be renovated. I was told that the entire hotel ran on a central unit and that they couldn't turn the air on. There was hair on the walls in the shower and on the bathroom floors. Nice hotel convenient to food places and site seeing places. We had a hard time getting the shower to work. They said that the A/C is centralized and users cannot control the output and recommended to jist turn it off and open the windows. The housekeeping goes into your room to fix your linens even if you put a sign do not disturb. We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and professionalism at the Hollywood Hotel. The only downside is the location, which is not in the nicest area. In town on business, hotel was very charming and reminiscent of the old hollywood days. The room was on the small side, as was the bathroom/shower, but I am a small person so that was fine (but this might be an issue for taller people). Just got home from a 4 day trip to LA. The rooms were clean upon arrival, the beds were comfortable and the staff was friendly and very professional! for our fourth person in the room, and an additional $27.00 for parking our car. The bathroom amenities were not replaced on a daily basis. Hollywood Hotel is located close to Griffith Park, Greek Theater, The Hollywood sign and Universal Studios. The bath towels I used had small red stain on one night and small yellow stain on the second night. We were about a 15 minute drive from the observatory and Hollywood sign and about 30 minutes from Rodeo Drive.
They were very helpful taking our room Key (as opposed to plastic credit cards) each day when we headed out. i booked this hotel for my final night on holiday as it was advertised as having a roof top pool and bar. We didn’t get to try the in house restaurant as it was being refurbished. The hotel was very cooperative allowing for both an early check in and late check out. When i checked in at reception i went to my room to drop off my bags and decided to go straight to the pool. Great location in the centre of the old part of Malaga. On the edge of the Gothic district yet close to the waterfront and beaches. I have never experienced such misleading advertising of a hotel before! Some rooms come with an espresso machine and docking station, while suites can offer views of Malaga’s port or cathedral and also feature seating areas. i paid a lot for this hotel for the rooftop pool and have still not received any compensation or apology. EXCELLENT 2 YEARS IN A ROW I HAVE STAYED AT THIS HOTEL Perhaps not surprisingly, the hotel was keen to maximise its income charging the full accommodation cost at point of reservation, not arrival or departure. If you wake up easily with any noise, it is a nightmare. We did everything we wanted to do during our break, and had a great time. There is a wonderful market nearby, which offers the best of Soanih produce My daughter is studying Spanish and we were keen for her to practice as much Spanish as possible - the staff were happy to reply to her in Spanish when she spoke to them in Spanish which was great for her. The Patio is the perfect spot to enjoy a coffee and views of the historic city. The location cannot be beat, but parking was a bit complicated because the hotel is going through renovations. The hotel was everything to be expected of a 4-star, with a very good standard of reception, service, amenities, room cleanliness and great location. Really a nice and comfortable place with all the additions (umbrellas, safe, bathroom amenities, pillows, wifi, breakfast)... comfortable bed, quiet (except the mid-afternoon repair work in the neighboring room). I went to reception who told me it was closed due to refurbishment! Very enjoyable apart from the building noisevtaking place outside our window early morning. From the minute we checked in Jose Miguel took care of us and mentioned the complimentary city tour the next day. The hotel is right in the center of Malaga, short walking distance from all attractions. There were no specific problems during our 2 week stay. I was surprised to find the door to the pool saying it was shut. Our only gripe was being woken by drilling on a couple of occasions due to the refurbishing work. I travelled in the middle of the Summer (July) and the rooftop pool was always crowded, it's too small. Many of the guest rooms face the dining patio where night events are held and there was some noise coming from clapping, speeches, singing. The Top, the on-site restaurant, offers exquisite menu options and a vibrant dining experience. Excellent rooftop pool with a fantastic view of the port. The staff greeted us after our busy days touring around the city. the hotel is located in the heart of the historic centre and it also near the beach. I did not get any apology for the misrepresentation so i called Hotels.com who were equally unaware of the pool being closed. Sun worshipping by the rooftop pool was a real treat in February. There was a wide choice of nearby, relatively inexpensive (€6 pp), breakfast cafes for continental or simple cooked breakfasts. We would go back there to stay again - one of the nicer family hotels in Spain. The location was superb, within easy strolling distance of the marina & port, small parks, cathedral, shops, museums, and a vast variety of restaurants. Although I was alone on this occasion, I did not feel unsafe walking around the area. Molina Lario is an elegant choice, providing contemporary lodging in the heart of history. Guests can also take advantage of the pool, 24-hour reception, and solarium. There was hotel reception assistance for coach tour bookings, taxis, and general information. Our family of 3 had an excellent stay at this hotel located in a great location - hub of things. The hotel & its staff were a key part of that achievement! Travellers here are conveniently less than two kilometres from the expansive Malagueta Beach. Lots of restaurants nearby and hotel staff provided excellent recommendations about best places to eat. The hotel stafff really make this a special place to stay, Roberto deserves a special mention. Staff super helpful especially as I had double booked due to Expedia’s error. Hotel offers free walking tours which really helped us to get a feel for the city shortly after our arrival. Charming Hotel in the Center of Malaga, very comfortable and clean. Was a bit too cold to try roof top pool tho!! Each quiet room has a smart TV and free Wi-Fi. Alternatively, Calle Larios is a three-minute walk from the hotel, a popular pedestrian and shopping street. Guests can expect breakfast packs, meal platters to share, or fine dining. A perfectly situated hotel for a city break (walking distance to the many museums, Alcazaba, Gibralfaro and cathedral) and a 10-15 minute walk to the beach. There were no English channels that I could find except Russia Television, which means no good English-language news channels. We stayed her last year for the marathon but due to the rain and subsequent flooding the race was cancelled. This Hotel is just across the road from wonderful walks along the harbour. While it was a little cold we did head up to the roof top pool on the last day for some R&R. The rooms are modern and clean, the service is fine and the breakfast buffet superb but there are some (minor) issues. Easy to walk to all sights, the marina, beach and many bars and restaurants. Best nights sleep I’ve had in ages which was down to the most comfortable sheets I’ve ever slept on! However, I guess we should not have been surprised that a hotel performs its refurbishing work in low season. We returned for our second stay and were greeted like friendls! Finally, the Internet connection is painfully slow at times and there were issues with the cable TV as well (image comes and goes). We asked for a late check out as our flight did not leave until 9pm. A lovely refuge near the airport, on the last day of my trip to Spain. The rate we paid through trip advisor probably reflected this. Guests are a five-minute walk to The Picasso Museum, while the lively Malaga Port is under two kilometres away on foot. It is very clean and functional, perfect for a city break. Also, we quickly realised that the self-service breakfast was quite expensive at €18 per person! The beach would be a bit further away, but that wasn't on our itinerary for February!
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and it is not a safe or clean place. I don’t even know where to begin but do not stay here please staff horrible system always down hotel is a dump if I can give it zero stars i would stay far away and if you don’t want bed begs runnnnn Rooms feature bold black and white decor and come equipped with flat-screen TVs, cable service, mini-fridges, and complimentary toiletries. No ice buckets or water cups in room had to go across street to the bar to get ice water. Location and building were quiet and neighbors were very friendly. Because it is Miami, there are hidden fees everywhere- parking is $25/day, there is a resort fee and they require a $100 deposit upon check in. Ended up staying one night and finding another hotel despite not getting a refund. And.... She said they are out of it and can't do anything else for me.. No soap at the Hotel....No soap... The hotel was located in a very nice area about a block from the sandy beaches and about 15min from Miami. It took 25 minutes to check in, there were no towels in the room, service was terrible, hotel is not on the beach, room key stopped working in the middle of the night, bed was uncomfortable The lobby does have a strong disinfectant scent but I didn’t notice it in the room. Tv didn't work, no air conditioning, but it was clean and tidy. Once we got to our room, we had no hot water and the toilet did not work (did not flush and just kept running. The hotel lies within two miles of the Bass Museum of Art and the Miami Beach Golf Club, within eight miles of Jungle Island and downtown Miami, and 12 miles from Miami International Airport. staff ok werent very helpful with situation at hand due to lack of knowledge i assume. I would highly recommend this property to anyone looking for a relaxed vacation in OCNJ. We enjoyed the accommodations-clean, well equipped,and close to the beach.There were even good beach chairs and a cart for the beach. We paid for two nights and there was no refund after all these discrepancies were reported. The house was clean, neat, had all the amenities we wanted and most importantly is in an ideal location. You should bring your own towel because the cleanliness of towel. when they cleaned the room they didn't do a good job we had to clean ourselves. Amenities at Hotel Pierre Miami Beach include a 24-hour front desk, free parking, and luggage storage. The good thing is that the price was reasonable but I was also willing to move to another hotel after my checkin just because location, healthiness and the thin walls . The location is great- one block from the beach, very close to Public transportation as well as a few car rental places. Have to pay additional $25 a night to park your car there and the parking is TERRIBLE! I was concerned that parking could be difficult since it was July 4 weekend and we had 2-3 cars there at times. We really enjoyed our one week stay at this condo in Ocean City, NJ!! The price was within our budget for what we had planned to do in Miami. bed was awful,bathroom was leaking water from ceiling over bath tube,towels for bathroom were so thin you need several towels to dry off. I would NOT recommend staying here unless you're short on cash and need a closer location to the south beach. The airconditiong didnot work and there was drug activity that was allowed. It was only for one night so I said what the heck. This hotel is comfortable and I felt it was clean which is my biggest concern when staying somewhere. Make sure to bring your own soaps/shampoo as the one they provide aren’t the highest quality. And least but no last, they don't gave me a checkout receipt as they don't have the capabilities (this is too risky). It did not have that overused, dingy feel that some rentals have. The bites resembled bed bugs and they were spread out across my body. We liked that it was walking distance to the beach. So i went down stairs to double check at the Front Desk....And Yes.... No Soap at the Hotel... We had to get our room key reset at the counter every time we used it (the gotta fix that). There was writing on the walls, the tub was the dirtiest I've seen at any hotel I've ever stayed in. The freezer of the small fridge was full of ice with the ice tray was frozen on the back.There was no cover on the bed, only a plain sheet. Terrible staff, the room looked like a runned down tenniment building, towels were small and hard. Not a lot of crowds in that area and the staff was friendly to me. However I saw many guests bring down luggage from above floors to ground floor via stairs with loud gravity impact on the stairs. The hotel asks for a $100 damage hold which is not stated in their policy and the hotel is already damaged, so there is no proof of who did what. The bathroom was dirty food on the floor in the bathroom the sheets had stains everything was dirty. Beds were very comfortable and the street was quiet - perfect for getting a good night sleep after a long day on the beach. Result, I took my mother in law to a friend's house about 30 minutes away and we left the hotel the following morning because there were no more rooms available. Don't expect luxury or anything more than a place to sleep at night. My room is around corner, so on saturday night it is very crowded from the street until 4 AM. The room does not look like the pictures and the bed sheets were dirty....mildew smell and there was not a concierge desk.. I hope I can rent this condo again in future summers! There are no glasses if you'd like to pour yourself a drink, no phone to call down to the front desk (which had a significant line at check in and only one person manning it) The bed isn't very comfortable either. First of all, I asked for a king bed and an extra bed because we were a party of three seniors. There was no hot water in the shower and there was a lot of noise comibg from the upstair room and also from the next room. We were very happy with this rental and plan to be back. I did not want the Room Attendant to make up my bed and so i Just ask for soap instead because we are out of it. About five min to ocean drive, hotel is getting its due make over in small doses, hotel more like motel feel, staff was great. We stayed here for a week in August and couldn't have been happier. Everything was clean, neat, tidy, and cute as can be. There was no curtain on the window, just a lining and it was so thin that all the outside lights illuminated the entire room. I was charged $50.00 extra for the third person during reservation and, when we got to the hotel there was no extra beds but they kept the $50.00. But what most of all irritating is that it was cold in there and you can’t control the heat. The pictures are not what they seem hotel is very old built in the forties. It was the last room they had and I got to book it! Very noisy hotel, I could hear people talking from upstairs, I wasn’t able to sleep at all, I had to buy air plugs, because they didn’t have it at the front desk. extra charges for stay of $10.00 per day for hotel services was a surprise along with very hard to find parking despite an additional $10.00 per day for parking. Twin beds in the room, small bathroom, low quality towels and rags (too small to be full body towel, they were more like hand towels), no complimentary breakfast, comforters looked like they were donated (me and my roommate had three completely different comforters (one pink, one blue, and one olive).....you get what you pay for! Their system of organization/ check in/ receipts needs to be updated. It's my first time to use this kind of elevator but it's not that hard. The owners even provided a beach cart to haul our chairs, etc., to beach. I felt as if I was in a Third World country. The oners were very nice; they had chairs and tags for our use on the beach. This hotel is definitely a 2.5 out of 5, with that being said you are paying for what you get, LOCATION. Location is very good - quiet neighborhood, short walk to beautiful beach with lifeguards. The hotel in General was ok , except for not  iron machine and hair dryer for each room .. I checked in on a Friday night November 4 our room was ready and it was not cleaned. The hotel's location is excellent, and that's the only good thing. Perfect room if you want to save some money and dont plan on being inside the room much at all. I have to keep changing my key card, I had to ask for clean sheets, the room was too cold, and everyone was complaining They do not have computer for customer to use internet. I was traveling outside of the country that following day and had to seek medical attention due to this issue. It was close to the beach, but not much around that area. Dining options near the hotel include the Rare Steakhouse, Carrabba’s Italian Grill, and the Essensia Restaurant & Lounge. The bathroom had no plugs so you cant fully get ready in the bathroom. They double booked rooms so there were a few angry patrons with no rooms. I liked my stay and Good customer service from the stuff specially the Sweet Woman  Checked me in .. Hotel Pierre Miami Beach offers an attractive blend of budget-friendly rooms and proximity to the beach. There is an elevator if you have big luggage, the staff told me that they have elevator. The only good quality was that the employees we Incredibly nice and it was not far from the beach. Nothing better then being able to walk to the beach with the kids and the dog park with the dogs all from the same spot. The owners were there when we arrived and could not have been more accommodating at making sure our needs would be met. The bathroom was clean and that is always a huge plus. When I notified the hotel staff, they did not seem concerned about me or the next clients that were going to stay in their hotel. The room was so small that there was a dining table with only one chair. We had a great week here; the owner was very helpful and answered all questions quickly. That being said, if your intentions are to stay at the Pierre for an extended period I would advise against it. The smoke detector was hanging off the ceiling in our room, so if a fire did occur, we would not be notified. I did not stay I went to the beach castle design suites way cleaner and much nicer staff. Also, there was no central air nor microwave in the room, the microwave was in the lobby. They did not seem to want to satisfy the guests as a hotel staff should. the staff was rude, be careful if it rains, i slipped and fell at their facility and they didnt care, the rooms were small, and smelly, th sheets had stains, and its not directly on the beach like its portrayed. I just felt sick every time I walk through the lobby. I feel that the hotel staff should understand that they are in the customer service and hospitality industry. It was the worst thing I ha s ever seen. All types of hidden fees you have to pay at check in Also additional deposits. I have to use a bed sheet to cover most of the light. Check in was quick however was told parking was going to be an issue and hotel couldn't offer any parking as it was full when i checked in. The towels are small, i brought a travel towel with me so I had no issues with them. You should bring jacket because the temperature in the room is about 18 celcius degree and no A/C adjustment. Also, we pay $25.00 for parking to find out that it was on the street. My husband, myself and three young girls stayed here for a week in July. Not sure why there is a additional charge for amenities as there was none. They need to tone down on whatever scent they use for the lobby area. The lumpy, stained pillows came from a thrift store and were purchased back in the 1970's. Over all I would Give 2.8/5 Reception Service is OK at the reception. Hotel Pierre does not allow check-ins until 3PM, which is very inconvenient. We are a family of 5 and had plenty of space. Absolutely disgusting so we got switched to another room on the second floor room 205 which was even worse which I didn't think would be possible. On the check out date I use elevator from third floor and i found out why, the outer door can't be completely close from the inside, so basicly you just left your luggage in the elevator and close the door and walk to first floor and press the elevator button. Every request made by a customer was met with some sort of rebuttal or reason why the request could not be made. i asked to speak to the manager and they gave me a email address, they said corporate was in paris and email was the only way to contact them and of course i never heard back... save your money from staying here... No keys for the room, had to use the workers master door key until they could find a key card for us. All the convenience of Ocean City with out the congestion of being downtown. If someone walk on your floor you will always hear them. the room was not clean the room was on floor level the concierge did not help with my baggage not in the check in or check out the room was facing the street the room was close to the front desk they were listening to music or with music all the time I have to ask for tooth paste, none I have to ask for tooth brush none I ask for toiletries I got only one soup and one tube of shampoo Then room are very small an there are no microwaves in the room. Ceiling fan in room was noisy, towels in room were way to small and did not provide sufficient towels for two people. They also wouldn’t refund me for my stay at the roach motel. The sheets were worn, tattered and the bed was uncomfortable and the wifi only worked in the lobby. Elongated hs where in the room and i still had to pay for the room. The rooms are in poor condition with the fire alarm dangling from the ceiling, television wires exposed, beat up walls, tacky wallpaper, etc. Overall, it was a fine experience- not spectacular but it’s not a Luxury hotel. The owners Colleen and Eamonn were more then willing to accommodate any of our needs too. We brought our two daughters and two dogs and everyone (pets included) had a excellent time. $30 Uber ride from the MIA airport if you aren’t renting a car. I was locked out of my room for 24 hours because the electronic door lock was broken. I'm glad I was out of there soon enough bc the living environment is below average. The shower was broken and when I reported it I was ignored it got to a point I had to sit at the front desk disrupting their sign-in process to get maintenance to come repair it. The shower had no water pressure and the bathroom was beyond small. Hotel charge extra fee for facility use but they do not provide coffee for customer. The staff seemed to care only about securing a deposit but not providing service. The room is clean and only has the basics- no problems with bed bugs. You should bring your own sandals because there is no mat. The hotel has tried to decorate to the liking but the building is too old for the upkeep. Also, they had several universal remotes which none worked for the TV or cable box so we were stuck watching A&E when in the room. Location is close to the beach but very far to the mainstream- 43rd to 12st area where south beach is. During my check in there was also a loud conversation between the receptionist and a maintenance employee about a problem going on. Guests enjoy concierge services and will find that attractions such as the Art Deco Welcome Center and the Lincoln Road Mall are nearby. The side lamps did not work and neither did the over head fan which was needed time to time as the temp was in the low 80s but the room air took a while to cool down the space. Check in time starts at 3pm I arrived at 2 pm rooms were ready but front desk agent charged me additional $25 for early check in! When I went to my room, room was very dirty, hair everywhere even on the bed. But this is Miami and these people should be ashamed to charge more than $1 for this slum of a hotel. Hotel is in a Great location right in between north beach and south beach. After Ubering around, you might as well stay closer and walking distance to south beach. It was a mixture of Rose perfume and ammonia from cleaning supplies. I was there during the week so there weren’t noise issues- I can only imagine what it would be like during a rowdy weekend though. I had to talk to manager myself to take care of problem only when one employee was gracious enough to give me whereabouts of manger after a week. It was never a problem as we were always able to find spots on premises and never rode around looking for parking spots. If that was not enough, I woke up the next morning with 95 bug bites from this hotel. It’s only good for a cheap stay if you’re low on cash and there aren’t other options. Only stay there if you want to save some money on a room and only go there to sleep. It would have better it rooms have AC, Owen and other facilities. No ironing board  $25 to park close to the beach but the rooms look nothing like the pictures posted on Orbitz So me and my boyfriend were under 3 blankets and still cold. I would totally have been fine with the accommodations if I had been traveling somewhere off the grid in South America.
Getting into my room, the whole room smelled musty and had mold on the upper walls. When I got to the hotel there were hidden fees things like security fees. Carpet was so filthy I would not walk around without shoes. No shuttle pick up in the rain, staff was rude and kept hanging up on me. Check in was fast I was able to sleep in a peaceful place Would not want to stay there any length of time. The driver asked us if we were the people he was looking for. This location is suitable if you need a one night pit stop before or after a cruise or an over night stay for a next day flight.. It was a $10 shuttle ride to the cruise port, We believe that the hotel would do better with no transit than to have such sloppy transportation! This hotel is in a terrible, low income area so you initially feel unsafe. A serviceable room that didn't disappoint...just overnight before early-morning departure. When we arrived at the airport we called the hotel for a pickup first I put in code for transportation..... no one ever answers or voice mail? The location of two-star rated Days Inn Fort Lauderdale Airport North Cruise Port is 'transport orientated'. Waited forever for shuttle, was hung up on - put on hold for them never to return. Inconvenient, not particularly safe, location; very overwhelmed front desk staff; minimal amenities; priced too high for what they offer. When I complained, I was told that is all they had. I only needed it for one night and wasn't bothered by the traffic noise. One room had mold and mildew another had a hole on the ceiling in the bathroom, another had unidentifiable substances on the sheetsheets the other had cigarette ashes (in a non smoking  room). This hotel was not in walking distance to anything other than dunkin donuts, we had already spent so much on our shuttle that we did not spend more for shuttle or Taxi. We needed one night before a cruise so chose it. The rentel car in the package was never picked up. After I skip that debacle and go to dunkin donuts, I go back to my room to get ready for my meetings. Sleeping was bad because across the street they were doing construction all night! The bathroom was a poorly done renovation but the water was nice and hot with great pressure. My son had booked for a quick overnight stay on route home He will be canceling this reservation. Door previously jimmied and I had to force it open to get in. The time spent in the room was the worst time of my whole vacation. The problem was that the desk clerk in the morning did not call us at all! It is an enormous mistake to stay in this hotel. The breakfast was also not worth it unless you like toast, yogurt, or mushy oatmeal. My son became sick with a sore throat and it went away within a day of leaving the hotel. Just off 1-95, Tri-Rail and Fort Lauderdale Broward Station are an eight-minute walk away; Port Everglades cruise ship terminals are five miles away and it is a seven mile journey to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. No wifi, cockroaches, water pressure no good, plugged sink in bathroom, lousy breakfast and no room to sit. Though we booked and we had conofmation, we couldn't get our room. The new room did not have a fridge or microwave as the other one that I purchased online did. Parking is free for vehicles, large and small and there is a welcoming outdoor pool. It was one of the worst hotel I've ever stayed in ,,,hotel is falling apart,,,,,,, After our cruise arrived we phoned the hotel and they said that we would be picked up within the hour. Later there were 2 bugs on the floor that we killed. Blood on bedding, blood or poop on carpets, smelly - just awful and the manager could not possibly care less. Cereal was an off brand, but in container as Kelloggs. That was a disaster as the ghetto person was violent and it was NOT our mistake. Thankfully, the front desk attendant rebooked me and gave us a room. This Days in had a free shuttle from the airport and one available to the dock. Nothing in good condition, have to reprogram door key every day, must take a good breakfast to open door, everybody with allergies as soon as enter the stinking bedroom, staff with very bad attitude, night employees listen loud music up to 3am,farm animals in the parking every day, the worst place to be They renovated the rooms with great bedding and granite sinks but they forgot to update the tub which is full of mold and cracked We stayed here for a few nights before and after our cruise because of the airport shuttle, cruise shuttle and pool. We went through FIVE rooms before finding an acceptable room. Upon our arrival in Ft.Lauderdale by air we were left waiting for an exceptionally long wait, but we thought this was just an off day. The hotel was nod clean and the location is not safe. Worth it to spend a little more and stay somewhere else. When I get back from meetings the clothes are still there along with a bag of garbage. He crammed the shuttle way beyond capacity and kept trying to add more people at each terminal. When we finally got to the hotel to check in at midnight, there was one lady at the front desk trying to check in anout 20 rooms. They wouldn't give me a new room even comp me for my horrible  experience. I get through the evening and get up in the morning to go to breakfast only to find out that breakfast is only two types of cold cereal and toast. Left hotel at 230am after checking  in around 8pm. This was the only hotel available when our flight was canceled. When I got up in the middle of the night, There was a bug on the wall that crawled behind the spare Toilet paper holder. We where told our car insurance is not valid in their country. This location was convenient being right off the freeway, except the construction going on which made it a little bit of an issue. 3 of us staying in room asked for another set since there was only two sets  and was told had to be approved by a manager to get another set  check out was just as bad. I again complain and they send someone to take care of it. Old hotel that needs updating and a good pressure cleaning. The hotel room locks took several swipes to get in and one elevator was out . Don't stay, it's a seedy motel that you may get mugged while there Check out time was 11:00am so I don't know what would possess her to do this ignorant mess. The Fox rent a car wanted to charge 2500.00 hold to my credit card. We did not even know the bus when it arrived. It has great potential but is run like a cess-pool. We where told by Travelocity we could use our car insurance State Farm. However, their shuttle bus has only the small name on the front of the bus and nothing on either side. filthy room, dirty sheets, moldy, smelly, bug infested, carpets lifted from floors, used soap, staff refused to provide clean sheets or towels. We were too tired to walk back over to the office so we just let it be. My request for a refund was denied by the hotel manager because the reservation had been used. When I tried to check in I was told there were no more rooms. Instead of having a fridge I went to find ice to keep my beverages and insulin cold. suitable for a short stay, before or after a cruise, no concerns In these rooms, you'll see roaches peeking at you for every corner and crevice. We were in 2 different rooms before and both were dirty. This hotel needs a lot of upgrading, it has not been done in a while. They picked us up at the airport, after we called. When I asked to be moved to another room, they accommodated and moved me a couple doors down. Check out time is 11 but check in time is not till 4 after you are out on a list for first avalable  never got a room till after 5. I am not one to complain, but I ended up not staying the night we got off the cruise and will more than likely not get a refund. Was not happy with the hotel at all it's old, small rooms and dirty. Shuttle from airport took 1.5 hours to go ten minutes because the driver was slow and trying to pick up 54 people. They had no explanation as to why they gave my room away. It was so bad I had trouble breathing all night. Orbitz has told me there's nothing more they can do for me. When we put our luggage on the bed, someone was on the toilet - imagine how she must have felt! After we waited for 2 hours in the hot noon sun. The main reason we booked it was for the hotel shuttle and shuttle to port. Hotel is adequate for an inexpensive overnight stay before a trip. Upon return back to the hotel after our cruise, we did have a nicer room with blankets and shower curtain. After checking in to hotel I attempted to go to my room on the fifth floor. Orbitz had cancelled my reservation earlier in the day and had not notified me. I just could not put my kids through another night in the dirty room. Days Inn Fort Lauderdale Airport North Cruise Port provides a free airport shuttle. When we received a different room it had no shower curtain and no blanket for bed. occupency wasn't available till mid afternoon even though i asked for early occupency. We where lucky they gave us a ride back to the airport. Had it rekeyed 3 times then had maintenance check it 2 times finally had to change our room. The big bus pulled out and did not appear to notice us resulting in someone honking for him to stop and my husband running after him trying to flag him down. The motel is located on a busy highway in a food desert. waited till all rooms were cleaned before they would start asigning any of them to clients. It was ok but a bid run down, staff was nice, room was comfortable enough. Room Had a coffee maker but did not have coffee or a pot. We paid for the shuttle service both ways to the Cruise Port. However, I ask for a 7:30 wake up call and she wrote it down. All the vending machines were sold out of drinks, on all levels. They hung up on you if you tryed to call for a shuttle, lost my id when they needed to see it to check in. On the next day we booked a ride to the airport for 2:00. I had to check in late due to flight delay. First you could not get to the ice machine because there was a mountain of garbage in front of it. The front staff were very helpful and friendly as was the breakfast worker. They first booked us in a room, where someone else was already in the room when we walked in! unfortunately, this was not the case with the transportation to and from the airport and cruise line. It was dirty and disorganized and we were not happy with it. Yes, I'm sure it was by the person you gave it away to. I thought Days Inns where up to a better standard, but this was a pit of despair! When I questioned the manager, he could not have been more rude. Toast, that you had to wait for a toaster for, Oatmeal, a limited amount of juice . The wait for the Hotel Shuttle was 1 hr and 30 mins and never came! When we first flew in we arrived around 8pm and were exhausted and just wanted to relax. The van to take us to airport ran out of gas and we had to call a taxi. Upon returning, we called the shuttle service for transportation 2 or 3 times. The beaches of Fort Lauderdale are within easy reach, as are Jungle Queen Riverboat excursions, Secret Woods Nature Center and Bonnet House Museum and Gardens. Upon checkout, we also found out there were also hidden fees for the safe in the room that we didnt even use. Before our trip I called ahead to schedule the shuttle for port of Miami for our cruise and they refused to give us a price until we arrived,come to find out that it was $130 round trip for this shuttle. The mattresses are old, broken and have springs popping whenever you move. Checking in took a while cause the woman at the counter was by herself and there was a bunch of people waiting! It was a last minute booking due to a convention. Well, 2 out of 3 families in our group ended up calling an Uber anyway after waiting an hour for the shuttle to show. Very comfortable bed, bathroom ok, dirty floor rug, nice location. We finally settled on one but the beds were shot and didn't have the amenities we paid for (no microwave or refrigerator) and the door lock was broken! People who were not staying at the hotel were in the pool. I was not expecting a Marriott, but at least a clean bathroom and carpet. Then we were moved to a room where the door doesn't even close - and these are outside access rooms. You can request a wake-up call, but you will not get one. You just as well find the slummiest ghetto and crawl in a box. It cost the same to take a taxi as the cruise shuttle provided from the hotel. My sons socks turned black and my husband could not believe the dirt that came off his in the shower. Then I find out the ice machine is not working. We've accidentally booked  a few poor hotels, but this is the worst. Later that day there was a dead bug in the bathtub, after my wife had taken a shower. Though the shuttle was more than we expected, our shuttle driver was good and held conversation and gave us his personal phone number to call him upon our return to pick us up. Some rooms have a very nice view on the back side of the building as long as the room is not behind the stairwell which really needed a cleaning. The vents looked as if they had never been cleaned and were full of caked on thick dust. (Also night construction on busy, adjacent road, which is nothing Days Inn can control.) They should let us know in advance so guests can be prepared or stay at a location closer to the port they are using. Rooms, with private bathroom, feature flat-screen TV, coffee maker, refrigerator, microwave and comfortable beds with hypo-allergenic pillows. clean and fresh room, One negative the television didn't have ESPN.. Called finally someone answered only to be put on hold. The only bad part was that at 9:30am housekeeping knocked on my door asking me when was I leaving?! Wyndham should be embarrassed to have this in their portfolio. Not impress at all and I will never stay at a Day's Inn again! I ever called a week before to confirm late arrival. We  booked a room with a refrigerator and microwave and were given a room that did not have these. We wanted just a clean, cheap room for one night. This accommodation is also known as Days Inn Cruise Port, Days Inn Cruiseport, Quality Airport Cruiseport North, and Quality Airport Cruiseport North Fort Lauderdale. They did give us another room that had them-just a hassle. Although we came to find out the pool was closed for a new filter and the wifi not working. Both elevators were out of order so I had to tote my luggage up five flights of stairs. At first it looked like the location was not very good but there is a McDonald’s, Burger King, chipotles, Krispy Kreme doughnut, Asian bistro and a Walmart within 15 minute walk. We also ended up taking an Uber to the port which ended up being cheaper than the shuttle the hotel offered. The front desk clerk was friendly and did a good job. When gathering up my dirty laundry I went in the closet to find a laundry bag only to find some prior guests clothes hanging in the closet. Orbitz called the front desk to confirm there were no room available. Noisy rooms, musty smell, wet carpet and unorganized front desk. They are doing construction out front so it is difficult to get in and out of hotel. You'll feel so refreshed and alive again once you finally leave the place! Only plus was that pizza delivery was still available at 11 PM by a local place. Expected to be picked up at airport but shuttle serviced stopped running at 11:30pm. Woke up and there was a cockroach crawling on the wall. None of the plugs worked - if it wasn't 10:30 at night and I was leaving in the morning I would have left! Got to hotel at 11 no room till 5 and room was still filthy   bathroom tub still dirty. Tarpon Bend and Checkers feature on the list of restaurants for later dining. When he gets there to pick us up he had a real bad attitude, That's a bad way to start a vacation. There were roaches everywhere crawling on the walls and they crawled in my suitcace Calls to the hotel manager, who's never in, have gone unreturned. By the end of our trip, this driver was the best part of staying at this hotel! Dirty Dirty Dirty  the room stunk an there were chickens running around outside I would like a full refund of my money for the rent a car. We ended up taking a cab back to the hotel. O-B and IHOP are near neighbours also specializing in breakfast. The airport shuttle system was a joke-we waited almost 2 hours. You’d have thought that someone would have seen all the dirty hand prints on the reception desk as this must put people off, immediately.
It didn’t bother me too much, but it really bothered my husband and kids. Oh and if they can extend the pool time later then 6pm. Check-in was fine; The door safety lock could not be engaged easily; After meddling with it, got it to work. He was nice and was working with what he had to offer. The pillows were slim, the housekeeping staff inserted the remaining of the pillow cover so much, its shape changed from rectangle to square (like the ones used in sofas); The room A/C cover had fallen off and the hotel did not have anyone to fix the cover. It is easily accessible from many highways and the airport. The room was dusty, and there was a hand full of hair in the bathtub, as well as one stray hair IN THE BED. All non-smoking rooms feature cable/satellite TV, free week-day newspapers, a microwave, a refrigerator and complimentary hot breakfast. The Quality Inn & Suites Universal Studios Area is less than ten minutes from the International Premium Outlet Mall and less 14 minutes of driving from downtown Orlando. The complimentary breakfast was good and it's in a great location if you are going to universal. The staff during the day are very nice and inviting , but the late night front desk person was not very inviting when i was checking in at 1 in the morning. More than enough food choices available for the free breakfast. Our room wasn’t located on the bottom level, so I am not sure if that was a factor with the smell. The pool was cool but that could of been because of the time of year (Feb). The cleaning and maintenance staff were friendly, but the front desk staff were not very friendly nor helpful. The inside of A/C had so much dust on it, we could stand the sight of it. By 3pm the hotel blocks the sun and you are done relaxing and tanning. I purchased lysol and an air freshener and was able to clean up the room a little, but I did not climb to get the cobwebs off the ceiling. Both front desk employees were really nice although I had to interrupt Michaels cell phone conversation to get him to help me. My key card didn't work, but a maintience man whom was working took 30 minutes to help me get it right. But, the breakfast and the breakfast staff were really nice. The room was very clean and the staff was super friendly. staff were great went out of there way to make us comfortable thanks! The hotel only offers free continental breakfast, but guests can find several family-friendly restaurants within walking distance such as Carrabba’s Italian Grill, IHOP, KFC, and many more within a 5-minute driving radius. So we asked the hotel representative to fix A/C, clear drain clogging and fix water dripping by the time we are back from dinner. The situation is was still the same for door safety lock, bathtub and pillows in addition to the TV not working. Although not requested, we were given a handicapped room where the shower caused water to spill out all over the floor. I like it because its very convenient close to universal studio, holy land, seaworld etc. The bed was very uncomfortable, there was no airport shuttle, and the breakfast was terrible. The outside of the hotel is gorgeous, the inside not so much. The location of the hotel was perfect for me, and I only used the hotel for sleeping so while it was not clean, it was very conveniently located. The kids would love to end the day at the pool. Hotel staff was friendly & helpful about transportation, directions, local bars/restaurants & points of interest. The area around the hotel is safe and very nice. Excellent location for universal with good bus routes nearby as well as shops and restaurants. Everything smelled musty and the lobby and rooms are substandard. The hotel offers an outdoor pool, a business center and a free shuttle service to Universal and Disney attractions. The hotel was very clean and the breakfast was good. When we approached him 2 hours after dinner, he said there is no one to fix the room and upgraded us to a suit. With the way the sun hits the hotel I would recommend a heater for the pool. It’s far from Universal, but the Uber is only about 7 bucks. Great customer service, comfortable and clean, very close to Universal Studios. Would have been fine but when I went to use the shower water got everywhere and the shower head adjuster was busted. The water would not drain for at least 20 minutes after bath and the water was dripping from faucet. If I can still be cheerful after an 10 hour drive , so can he. There were fans in the hallway blowing air down the hall apparently to dry out carpet from leak. The Quality Inn & Suites Universal Studios Area hotel is within a 30-minute walking distance of Universal Studios. Room to small and the bed is not queen site, is full uncomfortable Clearly had mildew and remained humid and wet all night even with AC on high. Shower head pointed straight out of the shower curtain and flooded the bathroom. The front desk people were nice at check in but most of the time didn't seem to care. The only downside, you could hear what was going on in the hallway. When we checked in to the room they had cleaned it but forgot to clean out fridge. Walking in with my service animal I got questions regarding my his nervous behavior and asked if he in fact was a service animal. So no or minimal expectation is best for this hotel even when we paid $$$ for a night. Only stayed for one night but didn't disappoint at all. Good location handy for shops and only 15/20min walk from Universal entrance The service workers were friendly and we're prompt to provide linens and clean room for our four night stay. When staying there a week it would have been nice to have a few more options. Shuttle to Universal was 20 minutes late when I finally gave up and ordered an Uber. The free breakfast and shuttle service to CityWalk made this a great value stay Quality rooms good breskfest highly recommend this place good value But all in all the hotel was clean and the breakfast was good. Breakfast could use some additional options like bacon - or sausage. Because when you are visiting the parks and doing activities during the day and dinner around 6pm.
When we called them again, they told us there was a problem with the premium rooms and the heaters were not working in a certain area of the hotel. Check in is from 12.00 to 00.00 hours and check out is from 07.00 to 12.00 hours. There was very little inside noise, but the outside noise was bad, even though our room was on the quiet side of the building. On a positive side, excellent location, the room is spacious and comfortable, the free WiFi works, not too fast, but it works At the hotel you will find a sauna, fitness centre, Jacuzzi and indoor swimming pool. Nice hotel very close to the centre with easy commute. The room cleaning personnel do not pay attention to the not disturb signs. I was looking for a place to stay near Madrid city center. When we told the reception the heater was not working and we were freezing, they told us it is impossible and that we probably could not make it work. The Husa Moncloa is located in Madrid and lays 1.5 km from the main street of Gran Via and around 1.5 km from the Royal Palace. It was not possible to keep the room temperature below 74 degrees F. The thermostat didn’t seem to work. I was able to walk to near by restaurants, parks, and even some stores. The refrigerator was broken all 5 nights that we were there. Madrid is very noisy and this hotel is a little off the beaten path, so we thought it would be fairly quiet. Also when asked about recomendations or something they dont care to do the research or help out, they dont go out of their way to make you feel welcomed. The food is nice but the staff need to speak better English for an American brand, we struggled to communicate. First of this is not a 4 star hotel, at it most it is a 3 star. They oversold our room we booked then said there were no more rooms available The heater did not work and the room was 19 degrees in February. It was pretty nice and staff is prepared to give a good service The hotel personnel is outstanding, ready to help and accommodate. There are rooms and facilities for disabled people and there are non-smoking rooms. We were upgraded to a premium room, since we are spg lifetime gold members. The old decor did not bother us much, but the carpet was stained. Hotel has no air conditioning and one TV channel in English (CNN). All rooms have a safety deposit box, air conditioning and satellite television. The rooms are very old and could use a renovation. First they told us we could go stay in a standard room, then we got angry, they somehow managed to find another premium room that was warm and we finally were able to change rooms, with a sleeping 3 year old. Close to main attractions and the Argüelles Matro Station (three lines of the metro runs through there). The start, just arriving with an online reservation wasn't good. Even though I only stayed there one night, the staff helped me in any way they could. The Husa Moncloa is a four star hotel which has 148 rooms ranging from double or twin rooms to deluxe double or deluxe twin rooms. Perhaps we had the bad luck of arriving during a transition of personnel, but it took more than an hour to check in. The beds at the new section were much better than the old section. The TV screen is also very small and sub standard quality. We had a 3 year old daughter in the room, and no one seemed to care. The bathrooms have a bath or shower, sink and toilet. Most of all, deparmentstore is front of hotel and purchase anything within 10 steps. Also there is car hire, ironing service and bridal suite. The hotel is around 1km away from the nearest metro station Callao. very close the historic buildings, you can walk 1 mille around and enjoy the place Spoke with manager when we were leaving and since I booked through Travelocity that couldn't do anything. The staff is not helpful at all, when I first walked in the women where chatting with each other and could care less someone was there. You can also park at the hotel for 26,40 euros per day. .Top quality and service in all departments .Super friendly staff who did all they could to help and make our stay enjoyable The room fudnt get very cool maybe 77 at the coolest. After an hour someone arrived to check the heater, after 10 minutes he told us it was fixed and ot would work in 20 minutes. Centrally located, with an underground parking lot, and the front desk service was great. They said it might work later, not sure what that meant! The prices range from 84 euros for a double or twin room to 120 euros for a deluxe double room per night. The hotel has wireless internet troughout the whole hotel for a price of 9,63 per hour.
The air-conditioned, climate control accommodations offer ensuite, free toiletries, hair dryer, flat-screen TV, desk, free local calls, free newspaper, in-room safe, tea and coffee maker, ironing set, free Wi-Fi and daily housekeeping. Our only complaint: We ate breakfast there one morning (not included in the price) and it was NOT GOOD. Sloppy paint job on the walls,  dirty grout lines on the tile floors, dripping water in the bathroom sink and shower. Guest can kick back in the Re:mix Lounge with some signature drinks from WXYZ Bar. Quite disappointed by the experience and moreso by the unhelpful guy we encountered. This is not really the hotel's fault, but it definitely took away from the otherwise positive experience. Had I known in advance we would have invited another half dozen friends with air mattresses and had a slumber party! It is nicely decorated, both the lobby and the rooms. The other thing that was a little frustrating was that it was a supposedly non-smoking hotel and someone was smoking on our floor. A couple things that werent great was you could hear into the other rooms and the hallway. There were not available outlets at the desk or one side of the bed. Plus, after we checked out , we had to pay over $70 for our car to be parked for 2 day stay. No hot water in the am and when I told the front desk the guy wasn't pretty much unhelpful and unsympathetic. My room was fantastic...i had access 2 the balcony that overlooked the city...everything about this hotel is A-1 on my standards The location is a short 25 minute walk to downtown. The parking garage allowed me to park a few feet away from the door to my floor. This converted office building has a few quirks and is in need of a bit of attention. I'm sure this may just be the shape of some rooms, not all, but it was certainly odd. The hotel was close to downtown, clean, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable of the surrounding area. We really enjoyed our stay at Aloft in the West End. Very cool vibe and sharp lobby, but seemingly empty for a busy weekend. Nice hotel close to freeway, downtown, and lots of places to eat. Saturday and Sunday brunch in Nashville is very fun for those who have not experienced it. We were in room 405 and never did get the wifi to work. Great location and overall an ok hotel but it just wasn't our best Aloft experience. For hunger pains, there's Re:fuel, which is their 24-hour deli that serves nutritious drinks and grub on the go meals. Deceivingly good location away from the madness but an easy walk to the heart of it all. The valet set up in a little confusing at first because of the corner location, but their customer service is excellent and the person working the valet was super helpful. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was huge. WE did the hop on/hop off bus, and there was a stop very near the hotel, which made it very convenient. Feels like were both have skin in the ecofriendly concept. Aloft Nashville West End is a trendy hotel near major attractions of Music Row. Aloft Nashville West End is in the heart of Nashville and less than a mile from the Parthenon. Nice bathroom, modern shower, INCREDIBLE water pressure, great beds and linens, abundance of nice pillows, and even a bonus sleeper sofa in our room. A small microwave in the room would have been helpful. The staff is courteous, yet somewhat rote in their recitation of times and directions. The pet friendly, non-smoking hotel provides 24-hour front desk, business center, fitness facility, dry cleaning service, conference space and elevator. Hotel was close to downtown Nashville No where to put your clothes. Even though it was cooked to order, the food came out cold and was not very appetizing. It's also less than two miles to Vanderbilt University, Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall Of Fame and Museum and Tennessee State Capital. Upon check out, the hotel clerk was very rude regarding resolution of the double charges, reluctantly proving hotel management contact information. You're not getting a higher price that includes things you may not want. The door to our room would not close without lifting firmly on the door handle. Midtown was a fun location near some busy bars and restaurants. Valet parking is $30 a night and it was hard to find anyone working the valet. The price was fair considering the awesome location and downtown hotels are $300-400+/night on the weekends. The staff is wonderful, the lobby has lots of seating/food/drinks and even a pool table. The non existent lightening made it hard to get ready, we had to leave the curtains open which meant the office building could see in! Uber downtown was $15 (even though only a couple miles away). They had just started a new breakfast service, it was weird, and the convenience area set up in the lobby was also a little confusing. No dresser The bathroom shower leaked all over the floor, making it very slippery and dangerous. Expedia should make clear when hotels are pet-friendly, as I have allergies and would not have chosen to stay there, but had already pre-paid. It was a simple walk to great restaurants, bars, breweries! The specific room we were staying in lacked some attention to detail. Extra hard and uncomfortable bed, arrived to a clogged sink with an unfunctiining drain handle, and a bathroom outlet not working ( they did fix both when I brought this to their attention). The Aloft is a nice hotel with extras available for a cost. Credit card was charged twice for a 4 night stay and hotel was unable to resolve until the last day. Check in was simple & pleasant (Tay was the woman who handled my check in - very friendly, professional)., the hotel common areas were inviting, room was clean, bed was comfortable. We booked last minute online based on location/proximity to a few breweries & interesting restaurants. At check in, all the luggage carts were at the desk, at checkout they were all at the valet station. I enjoyed the free wifi and desk in my room. Outdoor patio on 8 floor was great place for me to enjoy cigars. The room was twice as long as the space these items occupied, leaving another room sized empty space between the sofa and windows at the end of the shotgun style room. I like the fact they incentivized the whole not changing the sheets daily with a $5 voucher for the store. This certainly isn't a terrible thing, but it baffled myself and travel companions, as well as made for the butt of many jokes. The room was clean and well equipped, but possibly the oddest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Quick 11-12 dollar Uber to downtown and you are good to go.
It was ok but not really what you would expect from a 4 star hotel. I don't understand why any hotel would use showers that are so small. The 4-star Executive Hotel is an high-tech building with 40 suites and 35 deluxe rooms fully equipped with living areas and bedrooms, providing ample space for even the most distinguished traveller. We stayed at this hotel during an overnight trip to Turin. We were told by reception that all the rooms were the same and sugggted we sleep with the window open. Housekeeping were stingy with bath towels but this is a common practice in Italy. My room faced the street but the thick windows insulated me from most traffic noise. I can recommend this hotel as an ideal one in Turin. Breakfast was ok apart from the cooked items, they were cold. The hotel does not have a restaurant as there are excellent restaurants nearby and a map plus listing are provided. Hotel is well located, walking distance from the train station and plenty of restaurants nearby. A good location near the main railway station yet it is very quiet and peaceful. It overlooked a busy street and with the cool air coming in, so did all the noise from the street. It would only heat and not cool, we had to open the window to cool the room down. If you're a medium build like myself, there's no room to move. During my stay, I also tried some of the local cafes for morning cappuccino, as I preferred not to include breakfast in my room rate. Overall, this Best Western property is a decent hotel with helpful and friendly staff. Excellent service, very friendly and helpful staff, luxurious breakfast buffet. Whether you travel for business or leisure you need space to spread out, time to gather your thoughts, and comfort to work at your peak or simply relax. Staff were exceptionally helpful, very clean room, hotel facilities better than expected, great breakfasts, good wi-fi, close to city centre. Room was comfortable and big (got upgraded) though a bit dated. Location a bit far from the main attractions but quite near to train station. You will be completely immersed in a welcoming atmosphere and your stay will be luxurious but informal, with all modern conveniences at hand, including solarium with swimming pool, meeting rooms up to 50 seats, 3 floor parking lot. Breakfast buffet selections and variety very good, though I only ate there on the morning of my departure. Located in the heart of Turin near the main train Station, the famous shopping streets, a short distance from the Conference Centre Lingotto, and the Olympic Stadium.
When the sign at check in says “Absolutely no refunds” you know it’s a hotel to be avoided. Old Hotel, room and bathroom very old, not worthy to stay. It's good for a place to have privacy but not really for the price. The hotel looks a little tired (but is apparently about to get a makeover) but is located in a great spot for restaurants, wandering, and beach. The facilities were dirty, disgusting, ancient, stained, inadequate, not as advertised and beyond basic. Main issue of the hotel was the bed sunk into the middle and the AC did not work properly. Unfortunately my flight was cancelled due to a storm and all the hotels were booked because of a music festival. Love the staff very helpful, one block from the beach Everything in the hotel is very outdated, the whole hotel need renovation from main entrance up to n including the sheets, towels n comforters. They are clearly over charging everyone i had to take some cleaning supply and clean my own room. The room had a set temperature that we couldn't control  and they kept it very cold. I was stuck for three nights in this dump for 300 a day. When I was checking in another guest had to move because there were used condoms on the floor. It was out dated and dirty, they won't even buy umbrellas for out front for guess to sit under. The Parisian Hotel offers two-star basic accommodations in the heart of Miami's South Beach and just around the corner from the famous beachfront. Pros: Drug dealers hang around the lobby and front area if you're looking to party. A drunk guest of hotel fight and argue all night long. Housekeeping only took our used towels, didn't replace, nor clean anything. (not really a pro, but figured some might find that handy LOL) The wifi was horrible and the tv selections were awful but thats okay. Not perfect but certainly good for the money if you are not worried about the elegant details. Such horrible hotel and very old to be so expensive on Collins Avenue but it was terrifying an experience! The elevator was broken for 2 days and when it was working again, we noticed the safety certification on the elevator was expired by 2 months. The manager suggested I go to Walmart and buy one!! The only thing thats good about it is the location. Filthy , no ac , shower trickled out water  People that worked there nice but rooms were comparable to a prison cell  Hotels.cim should inspect threes hotels before allowing to be on website I was moved into a totally separate hotel next door. The Rooms are large and The Parisian is 2 Blocks from Lincoln Road where a variety of Restaurants are located Mold on the shower curtain, filthy floors with sticky stuff on them...I had to wear my shoes the entire stay, Hair everywhere and stuck in the sheets,Yellow stained pillows with pillow cases that didn't fit, Filthy dirty chairs, the wall outlets get hot and make zapping noises, the free breakfast doesn't exist, only coffee from 9-1 with powder creamer. Eighty standard, double and king suites are available in this Art Deco styled hotel that feature standard amenities like central air, flat-screen TV, and free Wi-Fi. Then they give such a small soap that you run out before you even finish your fist shower. I also felt very safe in the building even though it was right on collins and a block from ocean drive. It was so close to all of the night life which was amazing. The room was run down and also not cleaned well. Extremely noisy at night( clientele “specific “), beds are very old and uncomfortable, no hot water in the shower ! I asked to just stay for one night and the manager refused to refund my next night so at over $350 a night I had no choice but to stay. Some of the rooms feature a kitchenette with a refrigerator. Thank s is the worst place I ever stay in my life. The sheets, towels and especially the covers on the bed are probably 10 years old. Expedia couldn't find me a better room and this hotel was one available at time of the morning because they let Quality Hotel cancel my reservations. The Parisian Hotel offers quick access to various local sites of interest such as the Miami Beach Convention Center and the Miami Beach Golf Club. The floors were so dirty that my socks where black. Below average, over priced hotel in a neighborhood two blocks the Beach. We asked about the air conditioning and they said maintnance would be up in 20 min... we waited until we fell asleep and maintnance never came, we had to call again the next morning (at which time we were advised there was nobody for maintenance the night prior). When we checked in, it looked like the hotel was taking homeless people. A multilingual staff is there to assist guests with car and scooter rentals, as well as suggestions for nearby shopping or night clubs. When I booked this unit it said there was a crib for our baby. The cleaniness of the room was horrible trash still in the room from the ppl before me dirty bathroom tub and floors was muddy nasty covers. It's semi-nice and has potential but couldn't sleep because I could hear everyone in the hotel. I travel all over the world and have stayed in better tents in Panama then here. For $155.00 it was not worth it.Hot room where you can’t control the air,bathroom was not bright and clean. Cost is very reasonable considering the high traffic time of year in FL. Cozy if a little run down but cheap for the area. South Beach also boasts some of the greatest bars and nightclubs in the world. I am still considering calling my Credit card company and this was not as advertised. Last minute reservation so I had to deal with what was available. Best part of this is the location being very close to the beach and stores/restaurants. A daily continental breakfast is included and guests can enjoy various nearby restaurants such as Havana 1957 that serves authentic Cuban cuisine.
Great Hotel just 5 min direct straight walk to get to Messe Conferece Center If you are expecting to sleep until late or have a comfortable lay in, this is not the hotel for you. The hotel staffs is not friendly and on their site they say they have free WiFi but not true they charge you 1 Euro per hour They tried to get me to book directly in the future but the rates are much higher than the package I got through Expedia though breakfast was not included and is expensive at 18Euros. Having argued with rude members of staff for at least 30 minutes, I contacted Hotels.com regarding my problems checking in. Furthermore, the hotel advertises sound proof rooms, which is untrue. Even when we asked for boiler they said all boilers gave been with other guests. Cool and calm place to stay.Facilities like breakfast and sauna available at the property. It was a smoking room although I wasn't asked for preference. Located in the Bockenheim district of Frankfurt, only a 5 minute walk from Messe (trade fair venue) and a 5 minute drive from the centre, the Qgreenhotel by Meliá is the best option for discovering the fantastic German city of skyscrapers thanks to its excellent access to anywhere in the city, its full and comfortable facilities and the quality of its services. The Qgreenhotel by Meliá provides 177 fully equipped rooms; different dining areas (Restaurant / Lobby Bar); free WiFi internet; 24 hour Fitness Room for the exclusive use of guests; 6 meeting rooms for up to 220 people; underground and outdoor parking with charge. They stated they did not have any other available rooms. My only problems came from the twin beds that were made into a double bed. Visiting Heimtex this year just for one night I wanted somewhere I could easily walk to as it's very difficult to get taxis. I have stayed in various Melia hotels around the world and this, by far, does not live up to the name. I asked if it was possible to have the beds joined, which the refused. Sleeping with my wife was extremely uncomfortable as we both had to pile onto a twin size bed. There were silverfish insects in the bathroom floor every other day that were coming through the carpet. You can hear people walking in the rooms above, doors slamming as early as 0700 hours on whichever floor you are on and on the floor above, as well as people talking in hallways. The hotel was very nice, clean, comfortable and conveniently located. The internet, decent one, is $1/hour, which while annoying is not as bad. The hotel is clean and nice, but unfortunately no providion of bittle of water, tea and coffee, no water boiler. The water in the bathtub did not drain and appeared to be blocked. I then asked if they could provide with a bed sheet to do it myself and they also refused. I requested a change as the telephone line in the room also didn't work. However, 4-stars is an exaggeration, the rooms are rather small, with not even a coffee maker or a safe. not a good night sleep bed was hard pillows were only about an inch thick AC did not work was hot staff told me to open Windows to let colder air in I was on Street side of Hotel was noisy made for a terrible night sleep for some reason no clocks in room I ask for a wake-up call it never came I was the give a room with two single beds for a reservation for one person. There is also no option of a kettle in the room with tea like many other Melia hotels. The breakfast if good and the location, near Messe, is great for business trips.
Breakfast is served in the rooms, or weather permitting in the courtyard, and attracts an extra fee. The location is great for exploring the major sights of Paris on foot or by Metro. Internet access, daily newspapers and a computer is available for use in the lobby, and dry cleaning and laundry services are available. The hotel location is perfect, easy to go all attractions. Very quiet, but a block from lots of cafes for evening time. Honestly one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in n Paris. Eric greeted us so warmly and took every step to make sure that our stay at the hotel and visit to Paris would be nothing short of outstanding. The hotel is in and old building but the rooms are modern and have recently been redone. Once the hotel picked up on our stay as a special 70th birthday treat we found a bottle of wine in our room - a nice touch. Internet access did not work for 3.5 days of the 7 days we spent in the hotel. The Millesime is ideally located on the charming Rue Jacob near the amazing macaroons of Laduree, the beautiful textiles of Pierre Frey, and within walking distance of many restaurants, wine bars, and shopping. Perfectly situated in the heart of the city but quiet, great staff and service Walking distance from the the Louvre, Notre-Dame, Saint Germain, Métro. The nearby covered market, Marché Saint-Germain offers an array of local and international cuisine, including fresh fruits and vegetables. It's a really pleasant hotel, very comfy, everyone is very attentive. Overall, it is a great spot to stay when visiting Paris. The hotel's decor is exquisite, the linens are superb, and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. The hotel was clean, well presented and the staff were lovely. The location is about a block from St German des Pres and la Louvre, Ile de la Cite, Ile St. Louis, the Marais and all of the left bank are very close by. We stayed at the only room on the fifth floor. The metro is very close, as are many nice shops and restaurants. The Millesime Hotel is a great hotel in a central location in Paris. I would happily recommend anyone visiting Paris to stay here. If you are considering this as one of your options, just stop searching and book this room. The hotel staff was very kind,  always available to help all day/night long. My daughter and I stayed 9 nights and were able to walk to most museums and attractions from our hotel. Lovely antiques stores and shops for the home abound as do shops for clothing, galleries, book stores and restaurants. We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others. Boasting bed linen by Pierre Frey, each modern Parisian-style room at Millesime Hotel is equipped with a private bathroom with specialty toiletries, satellite TV and complimentary Wi-Fi. We will always return to Millesime for our stays in Paris! It is not a big fancy hotel, but it is definitely very personable and fine boutique hotel. The room was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the onsite breakfast and room service meals were excellent. Lots of easy access to all the things we wanted to see, or to metro/RER that would get us there. The location in the 6th was perfect for our honeymoon. With a location in the historic Saint-Germain-des-Prés area, this 17th century building offers elegant, comfortable accommodation, within a three-minute walk of the Church of Saint-Germain-des-Pres, one of the oldest Romanesque churches in France. A 24-hour reception desk features a concierge service and the use of a 4G smart phone. lovely little hotel, very friendly staff and in a good spot for sightseeing. Styliish contemporary small hotel in a great location on a quiet street. And for Pauline, two thumbs up and wish you the best in all your future endeavors... It was perfect and the lobby attendant was so polite and helpful. This hotel is located in St. Germain, just a couple of blocks away from the metro, Les Deux Magot and tons of restaurants and shops. So helpful with restaurant recommendations and always greeting us with a smile The storage was better than other hotels I've stayed at in Paris and the bathroom, though small, was very nicely appointed and included shelf space for our personal items. I would recommend this to all of my friends in a heart beat. A very agreeable hotel at a price that is moderate in price in the scale of things; If I have business in that part of Paris again, I would certainly stay at this hotel. My only complaint is that the bed linens could be a little finer thread count. Spent two days in this delightful and fully updated hotel. The charming National Eugene Delacroix Museum is just a stone's throw away from Millesime Hotel, with the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens also less than a ten-minute walk away. This hotel is situated close to quite a few of tourists' attractions within walking distance. Hotel staff were extremely friendly and were helpful during our stay Thanks to Eric who took such good care of us. The girl who greeted us and checked in for us whose name is Pauline is one of the prettiest and nicest I have ever seen.
I will most definitely be back and I cannot wait to book again. When staying in Paris on business or an escape, Maison Souqet is the place to stay and relax in a attentive private environment. Once visited your understand that it's almost you don't want others to know about this wonderful hotel, and I deliberated over doing this review. As a boutique hotel with only about twenty =rooms, the staff are really there to take care of you (i.e., umbrellas for rain, printing out your tickets or boarding passes, food recommendations, etc). A hushed tone from reception welcomes you as you enter the hotel for the first time; a great experience awaits. The private pool and spa session was relaxing and pampering. Area is a little sketchy but in moulin rouge district after all. The bar is intimate with a  great cocktail list and a lighter fare menu. We also liked the bar which served very nice cocktails and it's got a french touch to it. The staff was personal and friendly, esp Tuan the assistant manager . I cannot stress enough how big a difference this makes. The hotel, the staff, the style, the history, the location all make this one the absolute best romantic boutique hideaway hotels in Paris. My wife and I travel and far bit and generally have good hotel luck, Maison Souquet was without a doubt the best hotel we've ever stayed at. I frankly can't remember having such wonderful experience with a stay. A beautiful hotel, in a perfect setting to explore Paris from. The room was opulent and spotless, with a lovely attention to detail. Beds were very comfortable and the bathroom had all the amenities one could need. Maison Souquet is a great little boutique Hotel with an interesting history. I predominantly stay in 5 star establishments but I can hands down say Ive had my best hotel experience here. The décor calls back to the buildings' origins with deep velvets and dark woods. The hotel is small, intimate with beautiful décor in every direction thoughtfully chosen by the owner. MS is an oasis after a long day exploring Paris. The size of the room is tolerable unleas you are spending a lot of time in it. The Hotel is well connected and the team managed to get us on the guest list to Silencio private club. 24-hour room service provides guests the opportunity to enjoy contemporary French cuisine in the comfort of their rooms. With a position in the vibrant Pigalle district, the hotel is a few short steps from the famous Moulin Rouge theatre. Tuan and   rest of service  was really impressive n kind .i will definately recimanded to my collegues . Handwritten welcome and good bye notes were a nice touch. We stayed here for a long weekend and can not wait to go back. Formerly a pleasure house that is now an opulent paradise, the Hôtel Maison Souquet is a five-star slice of luxury in central Paris. My husband and I always look for unique, historic hotels with charm and a great story. The staff were kind and welcoming, and knowledgeable about the local area. We only had one night and it made quite the impression! Good places are few and far between this will not disappoint. We had a most enjoyable stay at the Maison Souquet and would highly recommend it for a romantic long weekend. We've stayed in many 5 star hotels worldwide but I must say that the staff at Maison Souquet are outstanding. Service from the staff, especially Alex and Ben was amazing. It was also a nice surprise to be upgraded to a very nice junior suite. The MS establishment is remarkably quiet and private, and there are subway and bus stops within just a couple of minutes' walk of the hotel (giving easy access to all of the sites). Services offered by the hotel include luggage storage, dry cleaning and beauty treatments. One of the coolest hotels I have ever stayed at. Great location, Pigalle area is very much a location with a similar history and feel to Soho in london. A bar that you will wish was in your hometown --with a fantastic music list. Even in the low tourist season in January, they remain fully booked, which is easy to understand in hindsight. Used to be a pleasure house back in the day so some very rich history inside. Amazing stay.... awesome time.... only that the breakfast needs to be enhanced! It's a small boutique hotel, but immaculately presented, with comfortable rooms. We enjoyed the history of the accomodation and were lucky enough to enjoy a show at moulin rouge We stayed at Maison Souquet as part of our 30th anniversary European vacation and it was wonderful in every respect. What a experience I has in this Paris boutque hotel! The second point is the authenticity of the hotel, which leads to smaller rooms (regular room). They helped us out with our every traveling need with a smile. This place has it all... charm, sophistication, unique space, great service and that feeling that you just want to have when you walk into a special place. Individually designed with stunning decor, the decadent rooms at the Hôtel Maison Souquet include a mini-bar, flat-screen television and air conditioning. Even the French who visited us at the Maison Souquet exclaimed, I LOVE this place! (Albeit, if you are travelling with children this is not likely the best option...) We very much enjoyed  the privacy of our Hammam experience. It has an unassuming frontage, but it's close to amenities. While all the staff was amazing, the two bartenders Paul and Clement, were above and beyond. In a very spread out city nothing is central but staff are great and I would stay again A special Thank you to the gentle man at the reception desk who was especially kind during our stay. This upmarket hotel features a stunning on-site bar, spa with indoor pool and hammam, and personal butler service. The staff are willing to provide any assistance and do so promptly. We had a great long weekend stay (July 17/ Coldplay concert)  in this historic place, that is now a top, high class personal hotel. The staff we encountered were kind, attentive and always willing to assist with any request. Served in the winter garden, a scrumptious breakfast is available each morning. The hotel itself is gorgeous, I could quite easily have stayed indoors for my entire trip. While it is within walking distance of many good restaurants, food at the hotel and the dining experience in the intimate dining room is a lovely way to spend an evening. In short, a hotel we will return to whenever we are in Paris and one we'd gladly recommend to anyone. The hotel was lovely and the staff was very attentive and always helpful. Very intimate hotel, with only 20 rooms so the staff provide you with A star service. Our room was small but beautifully presented and represented excellent value.
All in all, the Westgate was a nice hotel located at the end of the  strip,  and my 15th floor room view was spectacular at night! We figured we’d head out that maybe it was just turned in prior to our arrival. Thankfully the staff were friendly and helpful and room was quiet. It was as a cheap stay so figured there was something. During the first night our toilet clogged  we called room service and they came to fix it it about 30 minutes later. While I can tolerate the hawking, the marginally clean room all but ruined my stay - save for Marie at Sid's and the Buffet offering cooked to order omelets. Upon check in the room we requested was not available so we had to change rooms the next day and was unable to leave the hotel until after 12:00 noon as the hotel staff would not move our luggage from one room to another. My wife and son stayed at this hotel in February, along with two other foreigners visiting the US. They also have shuttles that will take you to the strip. Had to wait at least 20 minutes for it to arrive and then it was usually full. We arrived a little after 3pm and checked into the hotel. When my wife was leaving her room to go check out, she placed her two bags in the hallway (directly outside the door) and went back inside for 30 seconds to check and make sure she hadn't left anything inside. Of course you can say that about all of the hotels on The Strip. The hotel is well placed for the LVCC convention centre. We’ll definitely be back to Las Vegas but Unless something is remedied in this situation I’ll never stay/recommend this hotel. Room and hotel was very nice  The free buffet was fantastic  Having the monorail at the hotel was perfect   The only complaint I have is the staff in the Casino,  what does it take to get a drink while playing! The room was clean, updated, with a comfortable bed and large TV. We came back to the room around 9:15pm this find the room unbearably hot. There is a resort fee that was more than the average nightly rate but I was not informed until I got to the hotel. The shower in the room was also a major problem. Our room was dimly lit and clearly not very clean. The floor manager made the excuse that security cameras would be too expensive to wire, because it's an old building. I would recommend this hotel to everyone because the rooms (newly renovated) are super nice and comfortable. I have to take pads from the other queen to keep warm. Went out for a few hours came back, TV still not working called the front desk again, was told they would send someone right up, 2 hours later and 3 more calls someone turned up. room rate offer cheap and then resort fee is $38 more. The buffet breakfast has more than you could ask for. At this point my girlfriend and I are sweating in shorts and a t-shirt (I’m 30 and she’s 28 for reference). The rooms are spacious so that you not on top of one another while in a room. Hotel was clean and lovely but the resort fee was not advertised when I was checking on orbitz until after I had paid with my credit card. During my 5 nights stay, the first and last nights no room clean services. I complained and they moved us to a room next door that was great. onlly one free breakfast no matter how many nights you stay. I will definitely be coming back to stay here again. They all had to leave within one hour to catch a flight at the airport. The price was great and gave the kids plenty of room. Hotel not right on the strip and transport is required to and from ..The pool was out of service for two days of our stay....lighting in the room was inadequate and the shower only high enough for mickey mouse to get under. If you're just travelling through on business, it's a marginal place to stay. Standard rooms come with coffee makers and mini refrigerators, while upgraded suites can offer wet bars, parlors and whirlpool baths. After three phone calls (one with security and two with one of the five floor managers), each time with a promise to have someone of real authority call back .... each time blown off. The shower was clogged and the water that trickled from the head was luke warm. Appreciated the Going Green option of $10 off food or beverage and opt out of housekeeping. Upon check-in I was informed there would be an additional charge which was more than my total booking with Wotif. Very nice, Customer service is the best, Really nice people you guys have working there no one gives you problems. A/c was horrible... left on 62 the whole day we were gone and when we got back it was almost as hot as outside... no venting in bathroom,  curtain was broke on one side... room was clean overall and staff at check in and bell boy were great... Staff were quite pleasant, a bit slow to fix things. The very last night somebody was screaming either next door or in the lobby. Also, there is a constant selling barrage from the timeshare crew from check-in to the last bid at check-out. We took advantage of the Going Green $10 room credit offer for not having our room serviced as it was only 4 days and we had more than enough to keep us going. Also as a plus We got a 2 buffet vouchers for free ( saved at least 25dls there) I told them it could only be an inside job, and that they obviously have vastly inadequate security, which they deny. Our room was not cleaned and it took 3 phone calls to housekeeping and a supervisor to finally get maid service. Front desk staff is very friendly and I really liked customer service that can be provided by text messaging. Came to town for a funeral, so didn't do much else. This accommodation is also known as Las Vegas Hotel & Casino LVH, Las Vegas LVH, LVH, and LVH Hotel & Casino. The first time we even sat on it, it popped, it was old and sunk in. So I will not stay there again very bad experience  also I forgot to mention the buffet is not worth eating there even though they give you two complimentary tickets. Most hotels have them on the base of the lamps. The whole experienced was bad , plus the machines are fix. Only complaint is the the flooring in the hall of our floor is not complete. We enjoyed our stay and appreciated how clean and quiet the hotel was. The  staff very friendly and fast, it’s a very clean hotel. The toilet had a leak but didn't cause too much concern. This was a terrible place to stay, unless you are the type of person that doesn't mind spending at least an hour a day of your vacation waiting for an elevator. We would definitely stay here again as it was such great value and it was nice to escape the craziness of the strip. Much cheaper than a taxi as a taxi will get stuck in traffic and cost double the amount. I went downstairs to speak to manager for the second time but this one decided not to come out of his little office made me wait for about 20 minutes until I just give up. Instead of trying to help me, she told me I must go down to the front desk and fix the issue myself. I am sure they won't allow this review to be posted, but I thought I would try to warn against this place. The only other Cafe there was always too busy to get in to for those of us in late pools during tournament. We had a great experience, enjoyed the scenery and food as well as the Casino. Since they were okay we decided to overlook the rest. They gave us a room on the third floor right in the middle all the construction. They climbed a step ladder into 2 A/C access points, felt the A/C vents and said it should cool down. I had booked my room through Expedia but the hotel still charged me an additional $40 for more taxes when I checked in. Hotel operator was rude and condescending in her speech when the front desk had obviously made a mistake on the second night of my stay. Good value hotel and a small but decent casino floor. We wanted to stay away from the strip since it was an overnight business trip. I returned to my room on the evening of the third day and found that my room had not been cleaned. The WiFi in the room was very slow, not what I would expect from a property like this. Upon check-out we had to drag our luggage down 8 flights because of the full elevators. At least this time the front desk had housekeeping come straight up. Expensive for what you get, bad layout, overpriced and the staff are far too hardened by the antics of yahoos to be helpful to regular business traveler. The room was next to the elevators and the entire night we felt like we had trains running around our room. We were placed in room 2820 and when we walked into the room it was rather hot. Be amazed during a hibachi-style dinner at Benihana, reserve an intimate table at TJ’s Steakhouse, or grab something quick at the buffet. When she came one bag was missing with no one in sight! I did not enjoy the staff badgering us to see the resort promotion, but other than that it was good. The hotel security said there are no security cameras down the hallways, so we aren't responsible. The hotel is located next to the Las Vegas Convention Center and is less than a mile from the Stratosphere Casino. They hit the association fees in the bottom of a email and there was problems with the room and this is the second time I stayed there and it was problems with the word not very happy Called the front desk, they said they would send someone up to have a look. The next morning it was clogged again in the shower doesn’t stop leaking after he mentioned to to tgem That we already called the day before they were apologetic and they were going to move us to another room. My first room was so ghetto, I asked for the $20 upgrade that would provide me a room that had been “upgraded”. The buffet breakfast had anything you could imagine and was very good. The Vegas Mono Rail starts at the hotel and runs the length of the strip, making the need for a car an option, as the hotel shuttle can take you to the hotel from the airport. This leads me to believe they are intentionally hiding that fact to draw customers in with the cheap price then charging them another fee when checking out. Exquisite views of the Las Vegas strip and first-class amenities await guests at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino (formerly the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino). With that we took apart the bed and scrutinized the bathroom. Lovely food in sid's cafe and the facilities at the pool very good. We often waited between 12 and 18 minutes for an elevator down to the Lobby from the 9th floor where our room was. Consequently the lifts evidently could not cope with the extra activity. Close to dispensaries but not much else around that area. we told them repeatedly that we weren’t interested but it took us finally having to be rude to get them to stop the badgering which is not like us. We had a fabulous stay at the hotel, and we got married in the chapel This hotel is actually the oldest hotel in Las Vegas but no one knows that’s fun fact, but this hotel is absolutely beautiful.. the hotel is nice, staff is nice and the desserts that are in the hotel and restaurants are extremely nice, not too expensive, very reasonable. Spend your money on a place that cares about its patrons and doesn't sneak fees in on you. I arrived on a Monday night and not all the restaurants were open on Monday's. Multiple café and bar options are also spread throughout the resort. Old Las Vegas style decor, beds were comfortable, pool was great free breakfast buffet for one day was a plus I attended the NAB Convention, This was a great way to attend the convention and not get stuck in traffic trying to get to and from the hotel. I've probably stayed here numerous time for work and few more times for family vacation. When I read this hotel was going timeshare I was encouraged to stay feeling the quality of our room would be excellent. Once the staff explained the benefits of the rearot fee I was satisfied and they were very helpful. Hotel also has a small convenience store on site for snacks/ drinks etc...Good value and would recommend. Had to go and ask for clean towels, shampoo, and soap. My room was on the 20 floor, good size rooms, clean and quite modern, but not the most sound proof. The room was a nice room not perfect but the hard part was the constant being stopped by hotel employees for an upsale. They have a courtesy bus to take you to and from Treasure Island Casino and then you can just walk down the Strip or catch a bus. I'll let readers here decide for themselves what to make of it, but for our parts we'd give them negative 5 stars. In the evenings, I took the Monorail to the strip using the Westgate Monorail station. I believe it was poor planing to have out service four elevators out six that they have available in that busy week of the Expo. The buffet was excellent, and they have the largest Sports Book in Vegas, with TV's as large as a house. There was a refrigerator in the room which comes in handy if you have little ones with. The service I would give them only a one star they tell you to go get your own coffee your own juice if you wanna refill it look at you and say can you go get it yourself. Don’t leave without checking out The Superbook at Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino. That fee was a little much considering the level of service rendered. everything was great til the last day of our stay. There is a store that many items from food to liquor or gifts. Overall good, Staff if friendly, bed and bathroom were nice We got a deal deal on Wotif for this hotel which included breakfast. Maintenance leaves and just as we figured the room never cools down. The place was super clean and the staff was  helpful way better than what we had expected the rooms were really comfy and neat lots of parking space plus the valet services were great...what we liked the most is the security after hours they had making sure everything was good .even on the parking lots there was lots of security after hours  ..we will stay here for sure on our next trip and defenetly we recommend it to anyone.. My original room was 1970s apartment cheap and groady with overuse and lack of attention to detail. Hotel has good variety of restaurant and quick take out options with the restaurant near the Sports Bar. Even when I was not able to book a two bed room online there were very easy to fix the error. I prefer hotels that go above and beyond, therefore, I would not stay here again. The Westgate was a large hotel with a 70's feel. The room was clean and freshly renovated and the hotel met our request for a high floor and away from the lift. Was my second stay there , ONLY PROBLEM the room full of dust behind the bed. It had a few apparently new furnishings but the bathroom has not been a part of the renovations. The TV in the room was huge but it did not work properly. I didn’t even stay there,was having a problem with the only card available and they didn’t take cash which sucked!!!!!! It is close to the strip, about 3 blocks away. We could not view many of the channels listed in the hotel guide and we were not able to check out with the tv option. All in all, it was a very above satisfactory stay for the cost. Staff did not provide room cleaning service to both rooms one of the days of our stay. Had a great time, free parking at the self parking lot. It is highly frustrating to have to wait up to 5 minutes for a lift especially when you need to go the 19th floor or similar. so we had to rush to a outdoor laundry to dry our clothes before flying out. We had waits as long as 20 minutes for an elevator from the 1st floor to the 9th floor. Would stay again considering the price is so low when you compare it to other hotel/casinos in the area, the convenience of the monorail was also a bonus when you consider its distance from the strip. After waiting an hour, now 10:30pm, I called down to guest services only to be sent over to someone in house keeping that obviously didn’t care because her response was “we see you’ve already put us on notice.” It wasn’t until well after 11pm that maintenance came into our room. So we used a $30 credit on our meal for the last night at the buffet restaurant. Roll the dice in the onsite casino, take a ride on the Las Vegas Monorail, or sing along at Purple Reign, a tribute show to Prince. I was waiting in the 19 floor for an elevator for about 15 min. Every time you walk past the desks no matter how may times someone is asking you Did you get your free gifts. I will look elsewhere on my next visit to Las Vegas. Westgate Resort is a super busy hotel as it is located beside the Convention Centre and it is a timeshare hotel so there are always staff trying to sign you up but we avoided them by saying we had already got our welcome pack etc. It was pretty busy at the check desk in peak times. Great value and off the strip, you could relax after shopping nd doing he strip. We would have stayed on the strip in Las Vegas and paid less. We had spent the past 7 days backpacking/camping (in tent not an rv) in Zion and the Grand Canyon, trust me we endured heat, but to be paying for a luxury hotel, we expected more. It was a little inconvenient to visit downtown Las Vegas. I gamble $1000 on the slot machines and did not win anything, I put $300 on one slot machine and only won 2 times this is not right Lost them in less than 10mins the machine are fix not to win because this hotel is not on the strip. Minutes away from the LVCC and the monorail station, you can usually get a more affordable price comparing to the other hotels on the strip. Got to my room unpacked went to turn on the TV, could not get it to turn on. We liked this hotel a lot and would have given it an excellent rating if it wasn't for the bed. Too many other choices that always go above and beyond! The only downside is that the hotel has bunch of time-share zombies that are trying to sign you up, but overall good experience Ample parking, but the hotel is so large with several towers I had trouble locating my lot when I was leaving. Within a few minutes i received a reply advising they would put facilities on notice. Good Value - not noisy - metro system very close - good place for families to base themselves - great an friendly staff. Very big hotel, but nice, Nice pool, friendly staff, easy parking, big rooms, I would come back. They have this SMS system so whatever I needed I just texted very comfortable beds and nice staff. The outside property and the common areas are run down. Room Service was expensive, not many options for food that didn’t offer sit down dining which left us with a buffet or a faux Starbucks. Chose the Westgate Hotel for proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Center. It was a great stay the staff was wonderful and when i had a problem they took care of it quickly and with no hassles. Make sure you look out for the Go Green button on the room phone. The shower head is too low so I had to shower hunched over and with no water pressure it hard to take a shower. Hotel had a lots of new and fun slot machines. Mattress was so bad that my husband and I sank in to the middle of it. I enjoyed my stay , it was family friendly and comfortable. There was 7 of us do we had two rooms connecting. The plus on this place is staff is super friendly, but that doesn't make up for all additional expenses you incur I Like that the monorail station is right outside and they have a certain area to wait your Lyft or Uber ride, easy and very quick! The carpet had a tear, the room furnance was noisey and never did produce any heat, the shower water was luke warm. We were there for the In It to Win It Volleyball tournament.Have stayed at the Westgate multiple times before. Water would not drain in the bathroom sink or bathtub. The resort fee was also hidden from the booking price on travelocity or if it was there it was not apparent. But the  room is really clean and workers were all kind. Also the hallways and lifts smell of marijuana, my sister and her husband also stayed on the 20th floor and their room smelled of marijuana. It's highly unlikely I'll visit again, though may consider the two restaurants on a future visit. Clean room, friendly staff, FREE parking and hot breakfast buffet (most of the time). Unless you must stay somewhere close to The Strip, go elsewhere. You can also catch the monorail from Westgate Casino.Great value in eating venues, not too expensive and also gift shops were reasonably priced. Seeing as our first attempt to get it resolved took almost 3 hours we could hardly stay awake to report the same problem again at a late hour. Needless to say we both couldn't sleep that night and were super tired for our business meeting the next morning. They gave me a remodeled room with a strip View . I went back up to the front desk and told him about the construction and It was a joke what they were going to give us  so they gave us another room on the 27th floor would have to for being under construction again. Upon asking about breakfast vouchers I was ignored by the clerk and she when on to another customer, I was frustrated and left without any help. Checking in was a 30 minute wait, which I though was ridiculous for the amount of people in line. The room had not been serviced, but because I was only there one night I slept in the bed that had not been used. The hotel is located off the strip but there are complimentary hotel shuttles to take you to the strip or Downtown Fremont St. there's also a monorail station at the hotel which is another great option for getting to the strip. Bed was comfortable, however, when late checkout was requested on our last day- we were told no. We put clothes to wash and the machine didn't spin and none was available to fix it. Each start and stop was so loud, it was very hard to fall asleep.
The pool was a small and we didn't have enough towels They also camp in the vacant land next to the hotel. This is the second Four Points property I’ve stayed at this year and I have been underwhelmed by both of them. The rooms did have some areas filled with dust and a public hair in the bathtub but there is such thing as human error and hey not everything is perfect. They need to have on hand the keys to unlock a door in case of an emergency. They didn't do a complimentary breakfast, instead they had a $10 buffet which was pretty generic. Far enough off the strip to be quiet but close enough to enjoy We ended up going across the street to another hotel buffet that was $15, but was much much better. You can walk to the strip just depends on how much walking you are comfortable with. Finally we were able to wake up my daughter and she let us in. The only redeeming quality here was the super friendly guy that checked us in... a service that was not provided by the person who checked us out. Other services offered by the hotel include a 24 hour business centre, laundry service and guest parking. Not only was it hard, but it had a pot hole right where I was laying. There were homeless in the area and the hotel manager personally escorted us inside securing the area. It was great to find a room close to the Thomas and Mack center The staff was great , and the rooms look even more great . It was not very clean and the lights of the bathroom does not Word. This is a fairly small hotel, but it is nice and still has a pool, hot tub, and gym. If you have a reason to be at UNLV this is a perfect location. There is also an old, run down, apartment building on one side (my window view). This particular property had moldy grout in the showers, shampoo dispensers that didn’t a work, uncomfortable beds, and thermostats that didn’t work. The only issue I had was the shower temperature fluctuate a lot and on Sunday morning the light and fan in the bathroom stopped working. I make my reservation 1 mounth before asking for 2 queen beds and I get a room with only one bed. I'm a SPG member and this stay leaves a bitter taste. Broken shower head, but they fixed immediately after I called. The hotel is situated one mile from the Las Vegas Strip and the hotel offers a shuttle service to guests to and from the Strip as well as to McCarran International Airport and the Las Vegas Convention Centre. We called the front desk and they couldn’t even get in. That one time it was cleaned, the beds were sloppily made with the flat sheet on the mattress not tucked in, the mattress pad wrinkled and crumpled underneath, and just a sloppy presentation overall. Mind you we were 30 minutes into trying to get in the room. The en-suite non-smoking guest accommodation at the Blackstone Hotel includes amenities such as 42inch LG high definition televisions, clock radios, both wired and wireless internet access, coffee making facilities and work desks with ergonomic chairs. Hotel is good, with excellent staff who help all the time and answer all questions. The elevator connected you to any floor level directly from the parking garage. I will not stay here again due to the homeless and the sound and issue. The onsite Corona Grill serves up Mexican cuisine for lunch and dinners and a selection of both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. My four day stay started with a cab ride to hotel. The room was decent, but had no fridge or microwave. I just don’t know why they wouldn’t include the VERY basic breakfast in the lobby for all guests. Overall they are awesome, friendly, and in an excellent location. I will avoid Four Points properties in my future travels. No slot machines which is good if you have kids. It was however vacuumed, wastebaskets emptied, and we were only left with three towels. Easy to follow directions were posted inside the elevator as well. Some of the staff are helpful some are just there for the job. Bed was a little too hard for our preference but place was close to strip and everyone/everything was pleasant and clean Housekeeping only made up our beds and replaced towels once during a four night stay despite the fact we were out by 9 am for the entire day. We didn't complain, but when i asked about suggestion cards, they asked what was wrong. They would also benefit from the addition of USB hubs and mini fridges in the rooms. Overall the staff was hit and miss, some nice some rude. Typical buffet style eggs, sausage, do it yourself waffles, pastries, bread and cereal. It was wonderful would stay there again when in vegas We got a king sized room & it was amazing . We did have to wait a while on toilet paper but that’s nothing compared to our stay and how we were treated. It was $10 per person if you didn’t pay the extra on top of the room booking online. They tell me that is not posible chance of room because the hotel was full. Day front desk staff friendly even supplied me with toothpaste. They had to call the manager to what they could do. Next door to buca de beppo and a great Thai restaurant. Will give it a second shot next time we come to Vegas. No lights in the bathroom and sheets didn’t get changed. Even though the elevator took a little patients, the staff were all so friendly and willing to help with it all. Overall it didn't seem like they were really concerned with customer service, they were just being themselves which some were generally nice ppl and others just didn't seem to care. Other than that,  the staff are friendly and linen are clean. The Blackstone is a three star hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. It's an older hotel on the outside with updated renovations on the inside. For business guests the hotel has three meeting rooms offering a combined space of over 2100 square feet. There is a fire station directly across from this hotel. Great hotel off the strip but not too far from it. The lady that was suppose to clean my room daily took those four days off. (You are required to use your room key card to access any level past ground.) Clean and pool was good Very Quiet hotel no problems. Not so near the strip but it a few minutes away. They also have a restaurant inside the hotel though we did not try it. Came to Las Vegas for a 2 night stay to see Black Sabbath at the MGM. Good if you are only staying for a couple of days and don't care about staying in a big casino. For leisure guests can enjoy the outdoor heated swimming pool, spa and sundeck and can make use of the hotels fitness centre. (In other words, don't forget to bring a cooler and wall adapters for your devices as they do not have direct USB plugins nor do they offer any for purchase at the front desk.) For over $100 a night I expect better and for a Sheraton property I expect a whole lot better. Right across the street from the local Fire Dept, so if sirens wake you up easily, ask for a room on the back side of the hotel. Maybe it’s me and I didn’t know that Four Points by Sheraton is not really a ‘Sheraton experience’. Amy was wonderful when i called for a manager to assist me with a late check out she was wonderful My daughter locked the door and the key to get in was denied. Great staff as well who were all very friendly and helpful Additional, this must be a pattern of poor attention to detail as we found a previous guest’s underwear on the floor in the closet. Night front desk pays NO attention who comes into hotel.
They are doing some rennovations to expand, but staff was pleasant and attentive. Placing guests within a short stroll of shopping and dining opportunities at the South Bay Center, the Holiday Inn Express Boston offers freebies such as breakfast and guest parking. That may be true, but in no way did it compromise our stay. The hotel is very noisy after 12 midnight and the breakfast is cold. We were given a room immediately and the staff was exemplary. Great location with a view of the city from our King suite. This is also a great location for doing and seeing things in Boston ! Harvard Square and Boston Logan International Airport are within six miles. Hotel people where nice but obviously disorganized with not enough staff I wish they had a waffle maker with kosher batter and syrup as many other chains do, but we did not starve. Also, we will be quick to inform all our friends and family never to grace your doors. The location, on the other hand, was rather difficult to access but was close to highways so when we wanted to head south to escape forecasted showers, we were able to do this quickly. We stayed in 3 different hotels on this trip and by far this was the best. Went back to front desk to get a clean room. We checked in and went up to our room only to find it was not clean. It's only about a 15 min ride to Boston common. We were very happy with the selection of restaurants within close walking distance of the hotel due to the proximity of a shopping center right next door. It is unfortunate for both of us that you have lost a good customer! Very good specially if you travel by car and need parking free close to the city! Destinations such as Fenway Park, MIT, and the Old England Aquarium are within three miles of the hotel. Coffee pot in the room didn't work and came back at the end of day to a new one that worked fine. When we entered our room in the early morning we were hit with a foul smell in the room. My family has stayed at this hotel for the past three years prior to our Christmas trip to family in Florida. Parking was horrible.... would have liked to use public transportation but none close by and if I moved my car there was no guarantee that I would get a parking space when I returned....  also there were youth groups that were there so they took over the breakfast area at all times using up whatever was there... also no chance to get the cookies that were made in the evening..... The breakfast was hot and included pro tie so that was more than expected. HIE is not five stars so you can't expect super fancy. The breakfast was OK....the pancake maker was broken, but there was enough to eat, even for people who don't eat breakfast meat and fried eggs. It is a ten minute walk to Andrew T station so lots of convienence for getting around the city. Rooms feature flat-screen TVs with cable, work desks, microwaves, and mini-fridges, along with coffee makers and complimentary Wi-Fi. The hotel is very close to a major highway, however noise was not an issue once inside. I loved that it was so close to the Andrew station. Close to some shopping locations and relatively close to metro station. We checked into the hotel around 8 p.m. Sjuttle service from Logan Airport was excellent and fast. The room we were put in was ok but when I booked online it said pullout so it slept 5. Each evening when we got back they sent a shuttle for us and had lemon water and cookies in the breakfast area. This was a great cost effective place to stay with comfortable rooms and a great breakfast and some other complementary things we didn't get around to. The staff were always very nice and helpful including the shuttle drivers. Good Breakfast and coffee, lots of types of food to pick from. The bed was comfortable, the breakfast was more than adequate, & the location is pretty close to  downtown Boston. We asked many questions of the hotel staff including how to use the subway, what areas are safe and best places to visit. Free parking and free breakfast for about $100 night were influencing factors. There were not enough seats for everyone who was in the breakfast line. Stayed here recently for one night while in the Boston area for work. Great Stay, we also was able to find a Great Price around Christmas time. Free breakfast nice but would recommend some variety in the breakfast, type of eggs in particular. The room was clean and comfortable and the staff was helpful. Guests at the Holiday Inn Express Boston can stay productive in the business center or squeeze in a workout in the fitness room. Bathroom is a bit dated, but rest of the room was comfortable and modern. We booked three weeks before our trip and found great deals in the city of boston...thats unheard of. As a widow and newly retired teacher, money during the holiday season is tight. It was nothing to write a raving review about, but it was more than adequate. A very wet floor by the window and for some reason an inflated bed in the room. We have raved to friends and family about the convenience and affordability of staying here. Plus, guests will find that eateries such as the Olive Garden and Panera Bread are nearby. We had to spend the night in Boston due to a plane connection which we could not make work in a single day. The bed was just fine...the room was big enough for the two of us and the staff was just great. Also, there is a lot of info in the entrance about remodeling going on. We loved our time there we did want to leave  Your mfaciluty offered an exercise room ,excellent breakfast laundry room, media room We just loved everything  . This holiday we arrived and are told that we must pay $15 per night for parking. Other conveniences include coin-op laundry and an airport shuttle (extra fees apply). After one night there my wife couldn't take the smell anymore and requested another room or we had to leave. The next room was much better and the rest of our stay was satisfactory. Easy to access from Downtown and airport (free shuttle from airport). The hotel itself and the breakfast is average, on the other hand it’s clean, you can find all necessities. Its location is convenient close to hwy 93, there are close by rest.s Olive Garden, Panera Bread and more. There was no mention of this change online when we booked our stay. My daughter and I wanted to visit Boston for the first time. We have parked our vehicle each time for at least ten days without issue.
Staff were exceptionally helpful, particularly with regard to finding me a hairdryer when the one in our room was found to be faulty. Really disappointed by the lack of internet access for over half our stay - this paired with phones not from the UK really made life more complicated. The hotel didn't have a lobby where we could sit. However I had an early train out of London and was disappointed that breakfast was not served until 7:30, too late for me! I could hear every word from the street and the room next door and no one was yelling just talking at a regular level. Inside the doors banging and voices nearby make for periods of noise but you can't have everything perfect! Landed on this hotel looking for something affordable near Euston. For a late emergency booking though, the hotel was satisfactory and not overpriced. This is within walking distance and a very good hotel. Here's the good and the bad so you can decide. The British Museum, Oxford Street, and the West End Theatre District are all within a 10-minute walk. Able to walk to conference center Single room small but satisfactory Breakfast excellent Staff helpful and pleasant Enjoyed my stay and will certainly consider this hotel for a return trip to London Overall, we enjoyed the Mentone, but we'd stay somewhere else with a lobby and quieter floors on another trip. Lots and lots of little shops and restaurants; plus there was even a strip mall (The Brunswick) on the way to the tube station. The included breakfast is worth the booking since most charge for it. No one showed us to our room and all we were told was breakfast was between 8am and 9.30 am. It was only about a 7 minute walk to the Russel Square station and even less to the British National Library. We found the room very comfortable and enjoyed it more than I thought we would based on a different review that said it was a little shabby. Towels were like rags heater was on a timer so you couldn’t turn it on hen you wanted and DO NOT SAY HERE IF YOU CANT MANAGE STAIRS. We needed a decent place near Kings Crossing Train Station. On arrival and when I returned later in the evening there was a horrible smell of smoke pervading the building. Cheapest price by far with its own bathroom and shower. 3 blocks away from Russel Square Underground in Zone #1. The full English breakfast was amazing and the staff very accommodating. Our room had an old door lock and handle, old furniture and three beds. Located within the quiet district of Bloomsbury, only a five-minute walk from King’s Cross Rail Station, Mentone Hotel features free Wi-Fi. We loved staying at the Mentone because it was such a good location, and it was very unique to be on The Crescent. The heater did not work in our room, and in one morning someone unlocked and opened our door by mistake. Lovely room but beware the stairs if mobility is an issue. My room was spacious (2x double bed) and modern, but the bathroom was slightly on the smaller side. A nice hotel in a quite street, next to a tennis court. We enjoyed the daily breakfast that was served by two friendly, on-the-spot women, and our room was one of the nicely updated ones. Hotel could use some attention to detail and the staff was less than helpful. Big problem is the water which wasn’t hot when I checked in but was fine in the morning (although I had to make sure I got up early to take advantage after reading other reviews). The beds were really comfortable, and breakfast was surprisingly good; rolls, pastries, cereals, juices, pots of tea and coffee and a decent full English. The breakfast was lovely, with choices varying from a fry up, cereal and croissants. Small room, kind-of tight; but great service, breakfast was awesome. I wasn’t even 100% sure they had changed the linen on the beds. The only negative I can think of was, when asking for an iron, another guest had taken it to their room so I couldn’t iron my shirt. Also, we had great nights sleep until...someone moved into the room overhead, and then it was so loud and noisy that it was very hard to get to sleep. I do not recommend staying at the Mentone at all. The odour in the room was so bad that we just forfeited our last night and booked a different hotel in the Kings Cross area (Yes we tried to leave the windows open but that did not help). The hotel seems like a combination of three apartment buildings that were joined together by combining hallways in the main floor. But the windows were thin- though great view- and the walls were paper thin. The University of London and Russell Square are within three kilometres. Location was good because of its proximity to the underground, but dont do the same mistake as I did and pay a little more for other better hotels- do not believe the 3+ stars this hotel has earned. The cooked breakfast was very good and the buffet simple but adequate. Each of the beautiful, rose-toned bedrooms are en-suite with shower facilities, and feature flat screen TVs, hairdryers, and coffee/tea making facilities. (I am English, I know what 'full English breakfast' means). The room was spotlessly clean (yes, we did the Four in a Bed check!). The room smelled like sewer water which originated from the washroom. There were just one or two things we didn't enjoy. The hotel is small as was my room, but the location is excellent. Very pleased to say it was on a beautiful quiet crescent (hard to believe this was just a three minute walk from some very busy roads). Darling location, easy access to two undergrounds, lots of restaurants and nice walking area. If you are a light sleeper do not book this hotel. But after spending three nights there my opinion changed to very quaint b&b. That evening he said he would look in to it and by the morning it was gone. We had a room ar the back so it was nice and quiet. Not that the neighbors were noisy - but the floors squeaked and thudded so much with every step they took that it was impossible to sleep until they went to bed. location is superb in the King's Cross area, walking to St Pancras for Eurostar. Each morning, a full English breakfast or continental breakfast buffet is served in the onsite dining room. Also, maybe because of the weather conditions (the beast from the east) the room was very cold. Even my daughters had trouble dragging their suitcases up to the top floor which was basically an attic and the stairs were dangerous The only downside was the signal on the television which kept breaking up (not that we went to watch telly, but it would have been good to have been able to!). Clean Hotel with comfortable beds with a choice of continental or full English breakfast, but the stay was ruined by the lack of hot water, i tried at different times of the day to get a hot shower, and luke warm was the best i got, other reviewers had the same problem, a shame as other than that it was a nice place to stay. Would stay again but probably only for a night or two. The room was clean and bright and the bed comfortable. We passed 3-4 other hotels right next to the Mentone that had lobbies with fireplaces, but the Mentone lacked that cozy, friendly element. The Mentone Hotel offers guests luggage storage, 24-hour front door access, landline telephones, and access to the tennis courts in Cartwright Gardens. The room was a bit squashed, also the tiny single room I occupied. We couldn't even use the dresser bc the drawers kept falling out, the bathroom was sooooo small, broken toilet seat and the shower drained so slow so you were standing in a puddle which was gross. At first glance this typical london hotel seems a little old and less than attractive. It felt like we were staying in a cheap hotel, but cute from the outside. The full English is served to each guests specifications at their table. An iron and ironing board are available on request for ground floor only. The stairs were so narrow and reaching the top floor meant going through a steep L shaped stairway where we almost fell down while lifting our carryons. Hotel was very clean and tidy but customer service left a lot to be desired.
The six double rooms offer views of the Cathedral and the Andalusian courtyards, while the suite boats a large private terrace with views of the Roman bridge. Posada Los Alcazares is a guest house centrally located in the Spanish city of Cordoba, directly across from the Mesquita Cathedral. There are many places on interest within a short distance of the hotel, such as Merced Palace, the Royal stables of Cordoba, Julio Romero de Torres Museum and the Nuevo Arcángel Stadium. The hotel is just 6 miles from Cordoba Airport and approximately 100 miles from the nearest coast, in the city of Malaga. Each of the 9 rooms at Posada Los Alcazares is equipped with air-conditioning, en-suite bathroom, television and telephone. The hotel operates a 24-hour front desk and offers free WiFi in the public areas of the hotel. Although the hotel does not have its own restaurant, there are plenty of dining opportunities in the immediately surrounding area, such as Tapas bars.
Unfortunately noise insulation from the adjacent room was very poor. From the moment I arrived the female employee ( I forgot her name) was very nice and spoke both English and Spanish and we were able to figure out what would work for me during my stay. Fabulous location--close to transit, restaurants, groceries, and tourist attractions within walking distance. The only complaint is that they don't have a business center. The hotel is in a very convenient spot a close walk to everything bars, restaurants, pharmacy, groceries-supermarket and tourist attractions such as la sagrada familia, la casa mila and everything else. My wife was a little uncomfortable being the only lady in what is a gay scene hotel. This place is great clean fun at the rooftop bar close to everything. That wasnt necessary but was very nice of him and the hotel to think of everyone. This has been a source of a lot of critisisms on line. Tried to up sell us on a better room, but stuck with the original and was good as was in the back and quieter after our long journey/jet lag. Hotel is a gay men’s hotel and the hotel needs to be a bit more up front about this on their written advertisement of the hotel A sun terrace and stylish lap pool feature on the rooftop. Stunning views, a hot tub and a cocktail bar can be savoured atop the Sky Bar. Checked into a better hotel nearby at half the price after one night I really did feel very comfortable at this hotel that I stayed at for 7 nights. It’s a nice hotel but it’s not woooww but I recommend the hotel The spa, different operator, leaves a bit to be desired. They called and asked if all was  good we told them the overhead light was not working and we wanted 2 extra pillows but that never happened. We were upgraded to a room with no view, except of the smokers area. The bed was firm and we both slept really well. As there is a smaller section of the rooftop which remains open to the elements I think smoking should only be allowed there. It is close to the train station (Metro) and is surrounded by some lovely cafes and restaurants. This hotel offers a wonderful roof top bar with glorious views and a fantastic bunch of staff. The use of the gym and spa for an extra 10 Euro was well worth it. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel it was very cosy. Walls were paper thin and could hear everything in hallways, in neighbouring rooms and on the street. The neighborhood is quiet with many restaurants and supermarkets within walking distance. We are a hetero couple and even though it’s a gay hotel it makes no difference. when I complained, I was told that I should have not bought their standard room noisy bar on the top floor. I tried to checkin and they almost sent me to another hotel because front desk agent was busy twking care of his friend. Rooms are small and if they advertize their spa, they should be included for guests. I asked 4 times in a 6 day trip for service or different accommodations. Barcelona is a beautiful, fun-filled city and staying in the right location is very important. They do allow smoking in the outdoor areas, typical of the local, roofdeck and 2nd floor patio. Location-wise the hotel is in the heart of Eixample and is therefore brilliant for all the gay bars and clubs, but also perfectly walkable to many other areas (we walked to and from the beach without a problem). As a result our clothes were pretty stinky after just a couple of hours. The Hotel is very well kept and clean and the rooms are large and comfortable. Should request room away from those if the smoke is an issue. Comfortable and relaxing in an area full of great restaurants, bars and shops. Although clean and comfortable, the hotel fails to display that it caters mainly to the gay community, thus making the decoration in the lobby and especially in the rooms absolutely non family friendly. Rooftop vistas and lavish leisure facilities characterise The Axel Hotel Barcelona & Urban Spa - Adults Only. All I would say is that whilst it's colder weather the rooftop is closed off from the elements with a marquee, which is fantastic, and turns the rooftop area into an indoor space (whilst still retaining the great views) but smoking shouldn't therefore be allowed as it's as an entirely closed space. Overall very positive, except for the pillows which I found uncomfortable and an emergency light that illuminated the whole room, so if you need darkness to sleep this might make it hard! The facilities are a 7/10 and the team that works there is a 10/10. We stayed in this hotel me and my partner, when we arrived it took a while to check in..bit annoying. Flat-screen satellite TVs, minbars, safes and free Wi-Fi all come as standard. lots immediately surrounding and centrally located for touring the city. If that is what you want then it is an excellent hotel but we had booked it because we were doing the marathon and we wanted to use the spa afterwards. The location was on poi t evweything vwey close by. The walls in the bedroom are very thin, and you can hear people in the other rooms, quite a noisy place to stay. Room was extremely small and quality was low for the price. We were not told about this when we booked that the roof pool would be closed and an extra cost for the Spa. Victor was amazing and understood my concerns and upgraded my room to the 7th floor. Located in the 'Gayxample' district, this stylish four-star is a favourite with gay visitors, although a warm welcome is extended to everyone. Was surprised to find that this was tailored to the gay crowd, not there is anything wrong with that, but Orbitz should have indicated before we walked in the door. It's like please you work front desk granted they never spoke with me but just saw how they treated others. He assured me all threats to the hotel were non existent but understood my concern and wanted to go above and beyond and upgrade me to a nicer room. The bright, air-conditioned rooms feature en-suite bathrooms with complementary designer toiletries. I felt very uncomfortable in the Hotel the whole stay and would never have gone for a coffee in the bar etc. Situated within walking distance to Las Ramblas and other pleasant areas. Very comfortable, clean room, well located to the Gothic Quarter and Sagrada Família. We upgraded to a room with a 'balcony' but it was above the entrance to the club that finishes at 3 o clock. We got an excellent deal on our room, but this hotel is known to get pricey during gay pride and other events so book early! After about 2 hours and despite the screaming I figured it wasnt clearly a huge threat so I went down stairs. Which didn't bother me however may others if you wasn't to know before you booked ! Hotel however was in good location and had a nice rooftop bar Especially as a woman I felt that I was not meant to be there. We both felt that although the hotel has to say it is hetrofriendly it is not. Only thing we noticed is that the hotel is mainly gay couples and there is photos of gay couple everywhere you look!! I think there were quieter rooms available so we should have asked to move. had a great weekend, will go back soon there was lots to see and do Great hotel/experience right on the mark for the 4 stars. The one thing I would change is the front staff that think to highly of themself not all but def the morning shift with the exception of the girl. The marketing rep for the hotel joined us at Sky Bar and really made us feel at home. Loacation was good not far to walk to get into town/ ramblers. Safe in bedroom not working on arrival, had to carry all valuables around with us not ideal. The staff is very helpful and pleasant to talk to. He volunteered to come up and help me pack if I was still scared or intimidated, but I was albe to move on my own to the new room. The majority of staff are male (except for the cleaning staff). It's a vibrant place with everything you need right on the doorstep to this hotel. The entire hotel is immaculate, the staff are friendly and the room was perfect. This hotel has that as well as the right vibe, with an edgy-ness to it. I loved the rooftop bar and the pool was fun during the day. The three members of staff we saw up there were all really nice and polite (and very easy on the eye). Wonderful stay -- but wish they didn't charge extra for hotel guests to use the jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room. The staff very friendly and the room in excellent presentation and  ubicado on very good area and close to everything  with very good transportation close to the hotel. I think people should be made more aware that it is a gay hotel in the gay centre of Barcelona. Very noisy so we slept with the radio on loudly so we could get a better sleep. The queen' bed was uncomfortable and was really to twins taped together. The rest of the staff is fantastic especially the roof top crew Upon check-in the guy who dealt with us, whose name I sadly didn't get, was brilliantly friendly and courteous. Had to pay 10 euros per person per day to use Spa ? We arrived at the hotel and it was not what we expected. We're from London where smoking anywhere indoors is banned so for us it seemed a little jarring. My first time in Barcelona and I had high expectations. This is an adult gay hotel, but is hetero friendly! This was right after the Catalonian separation so I didnt know what exactly was going on. Elegant haute cuisine typifies the über-chic Bench Restaurant while cocktails and dancing is the order of things in the Pop Bar. When I informed the front desk staff- they where not helpful. Def should be only all gay but what can you do. The hotel is in a convienent location and interior is modern. Monica at the hotel's restaurant was very kind and helpful. Not because I am homophobic but because of the looks that I got from the clientele who were not very friendly. We went about our day and at night showerd, again a huge water mess. Although the room was smoke free it always smelled of smoke, but worse, it always had a sewer type. I'm still not sure if it was repaired but we never moved rooms or were compinsated for the subpar accommodations. We didn't use the spa as we would have felt too uncomfortable. The rooftop hot tub was also turned off, bed uncomfortable, they don't use sheets for some reason,and the gym needs updating. We got an upgrade which was nice, the room was very big and clean. La Ramblas and Plaça Catalunya are less than a kilometre away. The room only had one chair, could use a more conformable one. Check in fine, room very small but clean comfortable and good a/c. In the morning i noticed a huge puddle and mentioned it to the staff. There was one night that there was an altercation between two other guests that was kind of violent and loud on the 5th floor. It was good in every way room was clean and comfortable. - Management offered free breakfast due to extreme long delay, then re-niggled on offer! Its actually our 3rd stay and will be returning again early 2016. Security is good, staff attentive and the hotel was well cared for. The hotel's Wellness Club 33 is home to a fitness suite, steam room and sauna facilities.
I stayed one night at the hotel and overally it met my expectations  Perfect location, neat and clean room,  Polite and kind staff Breakfast was wonderful and far better value than nearby cafe's. Lady at the front desk is very friendly and helpful, she greets me every time, and asks how's my day, very heart warming for a single traveller. The location is right near the Metro (literally a half block away and we were easily able to navigate getting to the hotel from the train station (Eurostar), and getting to the airport using the Metro and RER (train). The beds were so comfortable, and the room and bathroom were very spacious. They also provide you with a plethora of extra's - everything from food and drink to bathroom amenities. The only negative is the noise at night and early in the morning. Wonderful location, great hotel, would certainly recommend to anyone travelling on business or for pleasure I think the cutest one was 701 -- which was interesting since there seemed to be no 7th floor. So small I had to open the shower door and half stand in it in order to dry my hair. Would definitely choose this hotel again based primarily on location and overall comfort Excellent accommodation in nice area close to many of the sites of Paris! You made us feel so special, we are recommending you to everyone. The location is 2 minute walk from the Chatelet Les Halles train station which takes you directly to the airport. It was a pleasure to stay, perfect location, transport nearby and etc. We are so lucky to have found the perfect second home in Paris. Special thanks to Romar for his help in picking restaurants. I felt very safe in the area, and throughout Paris. Breakfast very good indeed and the breakfast service was wonderful. Everything is a little bit small, but it gives everything you need. Very happy with our stay, the room is clean and smells fantastic. The room is beautifully appointed with quality facilities and equipment. The location was great with quick access to various popular Paris sites and the Halles shopping center. Le Relais des Halles is a newly renovated hotel in Paris' 1st arrondissement and located near some of Paris' best shopping and restaurants right in the very center of the city. I would stay at Le Relais des Halles any time  and I highly recommend this hotel for your stay. Room was lovely and clean, location was perfect, service was excellent. I liked that there was water available in reception each day and umbrellas could be borrowed. The rooms were great, although there was a strong smell of smoke in Rm 501. We stayed for 7 days at this very nice boutique hotel. One evening I discovered an insect that looked like a small roach, not sure what it was, but it no longer exists. Beautiful boutique hotel in a great location, service was amazing! I almost hesitate to say how very much my sister and I enjoyed our stay. It was a problem wit internet last morning, but anyway I love this hotel and would be happy to come back. We had a wonderful stay and the staff was wonderful! Also the food wasn’t replenished when it was missing so that people were waiting for it (and spending thete even more time). I will definitely recommend it and will come back for sure. Rooms smallish, but elegant, clean and quiet (if you don't open your window). The tv in the bath, all staff attentive and friendly. We had a very nice stay, the staff was helpful and kind, the room was lovely. Service is impeccable, we were stuck in the hotel because of the heavy rain, Phillip ( i think that was his name) helped call a taxi, contact the restaurant we booked and did theses things multiple times. Location is supper good, close to metro and lots of restaurants, surprisingly, it is really quiet in the room. We stayed at Le Relais de Halles for two nights. This is the Parisian hotel we have been looking for. Our room was a bit smaller by North American standards, but that's the way it is in Europe. I'll recommend it, the location is great, clean with friendly staff Très bon petit Hotel avec un personnel sympathique et bienveillant. Also a big thank you to the housekeeping staff who found some jewelry which we had lost and was kind enough to keep it for us when we were out. It was our 4th time staying in Paris and I am so glad we chose this hotel. The location is good although road works mean my uber driver couldn't find his way in, but this is temporary. Friendly attentive staff, very good room, good location, most comfortable. Loved our stay and will only stay here when visiting Paris from now on! Thank you, this is an amazing hotel and we miss you already. Didn't take advantage of the included breakfast, wish I did. Fantastic location walk to everything - Fantastic Staff - Fantastic Room - a total 5 star so worth the money! It was very convenient to get around and there were plenty of quality food and drink options nearby. It is a shame that room service isn’t available even though it’s advertised as being so, but that’s being picky. I have stayed in many hotels over the years, and this hotel ranks at the top! Rooms are small as expected in Europe, but very nicely decorated. Your hotel is very clean and is an excellent value. I have no complaints about the size of the room. A lovely central location (10 minutes walk to Notre-Dame and 20 minutes walk to the The Louvre. wow what can we say, thank you Anna, for looking after us and the upgrade, we loved everything, immaculate, staff, room amazing, location fabulous, value for money was incredible! All the other staff were wonderful, friendly, and always had a smile on their face. When I return to Paris, THIS is where I want to stay. Will be glad to stay with you again in our next visit to Paris. The rooms were small, as expected,  but had everything you needed. There is a liveliness to the surrounding neighborhood and plenty to do. It felt like a secret little gem in the crown of France. Le Relais des Halles has a multilingual staff that can assist guests in booking tours or excursions, dinner reservations, or airport shuttles. I loved everything about this place and would definitely stay here again in the future. We enjoyed the breakfast in your little dining room and also liked the area of the hotel where there are many restaurants for dining any time of day. The position is excellent for the visit of the Louvre and city center. We had an opportunistic 3 day stopover which was made simply delightful by the charm and ambience of your discreet hotel and kindliness of all staff during our stay. We are very pleased to recommend your hotel to our friends and relations, or anyone who is looking for accommodation in Paris. In particular we would like to thank Pierre and Alouise for their attention and helpfulness. Friendly and helpful staff  Gave recommendations on good restaurants in walking distance to hotel Overall, a great location and a deal while in Paris. In particular, the older woman in the dining area was very pleasant, a helpful, and attentive. The rooms  are a bit tight but the bed and pillows are incredibly comfortable. We asked to leave our bags at the hotel after check out to do some site seeing, when we returned the front GSA handed us some travel documents we had left in a safe in our room. All of the staff were great except for the one bald gentleman there during the day. We enjoyed our stay in your hotel - the clean and well-maintained rooms, the attention for detail from the furniture and paintings, to the creativity to create space with the mirror and lighting in the restaurant room, and most of all the responsiveness of the staff and touching expressions of attention like the free umbrellas at the exit. We were well looked after, made to feel at home and comfortable staying here. The carpet in our room looked as though it needed a steamclean but was vacuumed. We had a great stay and we will be back for sure. Breakfast is tasty and of good quality, but options are limited and  seating is very narrow. Many thanks to the wonderful staff at the hotel (each and every one of you) but especially M. Romar and his colleague Paul who did everything to ensure we were well informed about Paris. Smallish room but great bed, large bathroom, adequate work space and lots of modern outlets/USB. Clean and beautiful hotel, surely should be rated 4 stars! Nearby guests can visit the George Pompidou Centre or shop for French treats on Rue Montorgueil. Had more facilities than most 5 star hotels in the room. I would definitely stay again and highly recommend it to friends and family. Absolute value for money and great location which is 10-15 mins away from all major attractions. It is a three-star hotel, but I should be four stars! The only reason I didn't give this hotel an excellent rating is because I don't believe any hotel, even a 5-star hotel, is excellent. Between construction and one way streets they gave up 4 out of 5 times. Rooms were clean and well maintained and we loved that the windows were extra thick. We loved this hotel, full of character, great staff and a fantastic location. Instead, 701 was on the 6th floor and you had a stairway behind the door that lead to a private loft. Each room includes an en-suite bathroom with Italian style showers, air conditioning, flat-screen TV, Wi-Fi, Bose stereo, safe and minibar. We had a great time in Paris and this hotel is located in an ideal location for us. Will surely consider to stay again my next time in Paris. I will definitely try to stay at your hotel again next time I visit Paris. You can get everything from cafe creme (excellent at Le Pain Quotidien), cocktails, wine, burgers and snacks, up to high-end restaurants (we tried L'Escargot restaurant). Thank you for a great dinner recommendation, we loved it! Thank you so much for real added value for us. It feels safe, with a pleasant manager presiding at a desk in the comfortable lobby. The hotel location was great--near many shops, restaurants, and the metro station. The staff was very pleasant and held our bags while they prepared our room. We saw army troups in groups of 4, carrying machine guns. The staff were very accommodating and truly pleasant to interact with. The place for breakfast was once very busy (lack of tables) and dor the rest it was difficult to move. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Paris! Le Louvre, War Museum, Musee de la Shoah, Le Marais, the Seine. Thank you again, we had a great stay and will be back again, I put a good review on Tripadvisor yesterday, well deserved. A breakfast buffet is served daily and guests can find great local French restaurants, like the famous Au Pied de Cochon, just around the corner. Hotel is very conveniently situated close to all of the sites we wanted to see as well as bars and restaurants. We didnt have breakfast at the hotel because it looked borring and is in the The little extra touches in the room, such as the teapot, small refrigerator, safe, iron and ironing board, and lovely toiletries really make this a top hotel in Paris at a very reasonable price. Hotel is wonderful , great service, great facilities in the room, good breakfast. The beds were very comfortable and I liked that there was a choice of 2 types of pillow. We walked almost everywhere, as everything you want to see and do is within a 10-15 minute walk, i.e. We had a room at the 6th floor (the top) and would do that again, since the hotel is placed in a street with many people. Busy tourist street: plenty of shopping, sightseeing, restaurants in walking distance. The details and design in the rooms fantastic, I adored the coffee machine and the teas selection, we loved the toilet! The staff were very friendly Ave helpful,  the shower and bed are excellent. But the truth is the truth....this is a great place to stay! Great location, spacious room, good service, great value for money. Room is clean and new, bed is comfortable with many pillows, like it. I fear if I sing your praises too loudly there will be no availability the next time. Minimum contact with staff, but all were polite and helpful. Police in groups of 3 were constantly walking the streets and there were patrol cars carrying 3 police officers everywhere. The decor was very nice and our room and bathroom were very clean. The room was clean, the bed was VERY comfortable and we loved the towel warmer!! There are a lot of bistros and bars in the area. The employees go out of their way to make your stay more enjoyable. The room itself was just like you would picture a room looking like in Paris which helped make our Paris experience even better. please, check protection of shower door in bathroom of 701 Coffee a bit hit and miss but great selection  and staff really helpful Wery Nice hotel, and happy we got the room on top. Location is great, direct from airport within a short walking distance from the metro station. They also offer international newspapers and same day laundry and dry cleaning. I would use the hotel again but I would ask for a different room. The hotel offers nineteen classic, comfort, superior and suite rooms that are uniquely and tastefully designed. Was worried about transporting something back in my luggage after that... The hotel staff went out of the way to help us with any of our wants and needs. We met with some family and friends in Paris and ended up with a total of 4 rooms in this hotel. Nicely appointed hotel, a little small, quiet and staff were very nice and accommodating. The hotel staff helped us explore Paris by recommending where to go and what to avoid.
The cost for a taxi to take us to the Centro was about 8 Euro... but buses and subjway were also available just outside the hotel. The service was perfect, the breakfast amazing and the room very cleaned and comfortable. The housekeeper on my floor kept slamming the doors on every room being cleaned, every day was the same for the four days I was there. For a four star hotel the Melia is lovely in a number of ways with comfortable rooms , very clean nice bathrooms etc and an absolutely stunning breakfast , but there were two issues. It's hard to believe that in a hotel like this, this is not addressed. Located in the neighbourhood of Salamanca: one of the most exclusive and elegant districts in the city. Following the soccer game, it was impossible to catch a cab, but we were able to walk back to the hotel within 20 minutes through safe streets. The hotel was very helpful with the baby, giving us a crib at no cost. A very nice hotel, modern and dinamic with a great willing staff. A minor irritation - other than that everything was great. 1 there's no aircon only heating so I had to prop the window open during the night and live with the traffic noise from the street below. I travel usually with more equipment than the regular business person and had more than enough place for my stuff. Nice large windows you can open for fresh warm air. The 4-star Meliá Madrid Serrano is the perfect option whether travelling for business or pleasure, thanks to its excellent location in the city centre, its fully equipped and comfortable facilities, and the quality of its service. So if you wants to sleep in in the morning, you might have a really hard time doing so after 10:00am, when It seems the cleaning and loud door slamming begins. Very close to the best shopping centres, and Madrid’s trendy boutiques and shops. 2.  they put me in the wrong room first so I then had to move rooms just after I had unpacked. The lobyy is comfortable and bigger than most other lobbies of hotels of this characteristics in Madrid. Site staff all spoke English and were always very friendly and helpful. We went to Madrid for El Classico soccer match at Bernabeu stadium. The noise echoes off the marble staircase and carries a long way. Would definitely stay here again if I return to Madrid and I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who would like to stay in the Salamanca neighbourhood. Close to the main museums: the Prado Museum, Reina Sofía Museum and Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum. For greater guest comfort, there is a taxi rank and a public car park outside the hotel. Meliá Madrid Serrano enjoys a privileged location, allowing guests to walk or use public or private transport to reach the main attractions, the business areas; as well as the city’s famous shopping, leisure and entertainment centres.
dirty furniture, both bedside tables had what looked like something spilled and dried all over them& was a lot older in person than what the pictures lead you to believe. The helpful staff more than made up for these minor issues. We made a date change greater than 3 weeks prior to our stay and they assessed us a huge fee. My boyfriend and I decided to get away for the weekend and I had stayed at previous Hyatt locations and I have always had a good experience and this one was no different. Nice view but the parking fee combined with the resort fee is ridiculous. Maybe worse because their car was hit infront of the hotel and they claimed the cameras did not point in that direction. That being said, house keeping did a great job, waterfront suites were great, literally waterfront. Called front desk, and they said it'll be fixed in a couple hours. Add to that all the extra fees such as parking, the resort fee, and taxes the trip ended up averaging $300 a night. Multiple guest from the Hyatt were sent to the Dana and we're not happy with it. Red Marlin Restaurant Bar and Terrace serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. If you want to spend the day partying by the pool, spending a lot of cash on food and drinks, and just need a room to pass out in after you are drunk (the only way to fall asleep with the AC running), then this is the place for you. This was our final stop on a two week vacation around the Western United States. Sad situation for the hotel, but terrible attitudes of the staff, and the unwillingness to help ruined my wife's birthday trip. we were hoping to have breakfast available to keep us from eating all 3 meals out. When I asked how much would I be charged total including resort fee. No real access to food, but thank goodness for restaurant delivery services. I been to hotels that were to be elegant , well I thought this was one , staff was dry , no greeting or hospitality , thought I would have better location in hotel for price ,slides/ pool being renovated , no apology , was one of main reasons we took our 4 girls , the view as they claimed was just the docks , totally felt like it was a motel 6 being pushed to the 2 story extra portion of hotel away from main hotel , paid $300 a night for what , stayed 2 nights , not one of staff spoke nor even seen, most luxury hotels check up and make sure your stay was going well. The purpose of our trip was not to have a resort vacation so although we were disappointed in the quality, given the cleanliness and location, it was okay for our trip. Like bathroom cleanness, bed comfort, high price parking fee, etc... -No street parking bet 02:00-6:00 AM 7days. The parking  charge too much, Why have many people parking  out on the street Little to find out that the recent storm wiped out the water main and gas line. The picture showed a beautiful tall building by a great pool, with a view of the bay. We arrived at 9:00 pm and were upgraded to a room with a view. I could go on but I’ll nevet stay there ever again There is a state-of-the-art fitness center, which is open at all hours of the day and night. to start off, they gave me the wrong room and I had to go down and straighten that out. This room was being occupied by people going to a wedding at the hotel at the time. The chairs on the outside porch where stained, old and worn and the decorations indoors were almost non-existent. Compare to other Hyatt I stayed in the past, this one is the bottom of the list in terms of customer service, cleanness of a room, and quality of food they serve. Talked to a lady and she said since we booked through Travelocity they can not send us over to the other Hyatt. but I felt price is same as Starbuck, and taste is bagle shop's bagle, not like supermarket bagle. The location is good in terms of a pretty view of the marina, and good walking access to the beach. Other than the cost, the rooms were clean, the pools were nice, the fitness center had weights and equipment but nothing to wipe down equipment with. Ideal place to start our trip Hawaii can be a bit expensive but they have a good product to sell With four children under ten I am glad we broke the journey rather than non stop to Los Angeles The beach towels were also very old and worn out, and located nowhere near the pool. I also noticing that others were getting service at poolside but for some reason my wife and I were not. There is practically no public parking available, so you are forced to pay $37.50/day to park at hotel. Hot water took for ever to work and light switches were barely attached to wall. Came back at 8:00 pm and still no hot water. We gave her out cell number to call us since we were not going to plan our day around them. This was a perfect stay for our spring break vacation. We had great hotel experiences for less money everywhere else we stayed, and all included a good breakfast. Reservation date change fee (weekday stay made greater than 3 weeks prior to reservation) $400. Is very close to sea world  and lego land . I cant write too much, since i was quite ill just as we checked in. The pictures of this hotel online do not represent the current quality of the property. I do think it would be a huge disappointment and quite depressing if you planned to spend extra time there. Great location to area, but your facility needs total work. Pool is good, restaurant is near, rental bike is 2 hrs free, PC, and Internet is all included in leisure fee. Black out curtain only on the slider not the other two windows with shades and bathroom was dusty with shower head orange from hard water. We enjoyed the coffee in the morning.Overall room was OK. Nobody wants your meals and wine to show up in a room in a brown bag and plastic cups, the restaurant was good but empty and service lacking, everytime you call front desk you are put in a long hold and you call valet in advance but sit around waiting for the car that was never retrieved. Due to this inconvenience, the hotel charges you a whopping $34-35 USD per night you park on site. so expect to pay about $58 per day on top of your hotel fee. The room was dusty, and the bathroom was not particularly clean. I would say that the rooms could use a little updating - our patio door was wonky and the handle broke off! After I got home, I was reviewing my bill and noticed there was a charge at their restaurant that I didn't make as I did not go to their restaurant. The best part of this experience was dealing with Jackson at the front desk. We made a reservation online through Travelocity for the Hyatt Regency, Mission Bay, San Diego, CA. Nice location where u can rent boats and jet skis! it said if you pay a $26 fee - you get breakfast. Old Town San Diego is three miles from the property. 1st, place is not resort, its just hotel with a pool! The food was blah, service was horrible and the drinks were terrible. However, overall guests services needs an overall room service , restaurant , front desk and valet need more training and upgrade. For about $300 per night (with resort fees) we got two queen beds, a room that smelled like mothballs/mildew, dusty, dirty carpet, mold growing in the grout of the tiles on the floor, walls, and sinks in the bathroom, and an AC unit that was ancient, extremely loud, and did nothing to remove moisture from the room. And the event was right in front of my hotel room. Everybody feel that this one is not brand new, and building is aged little bit, but you'll get many amenities, like good resort. Very good location on the water, however very high parking and resort fees. Then I paid extra to have two bottles of water in my room every day and I still had to call down for it three different times. Clean, roomy, comfortable beds, warm pool, good food and close to everything. He was very helpful and accommodating as we had to switch rooms. The family suites were comfortable, spacious and gave us that much needed break from the kids at the end of a long day out and about. If you want to wake up early with the California sun, the San Diego coastline side is perfect for you! Beautiful nature, boats, bay, ocean, everything is clean, fitness facility is very close , overlooking the boats. Room was next to an elevator so we had sleepless night. When we checked out, the front desk told us that they were aware that we were there for the wedding because they had it noted, but that we did not book under the wedding party.....of course they would say that. I don't think I'd come here for a getaway with my husband, unless they added an adult only pool. Entertainment comes from large flatscreen TVs, iPod-docking stations and Wi-Fi access. The shower curtain was stained, there was mildew/crud in the corners of the tub, the furniture was peeling and cracking and one of my vanity lights didn't work at all. Location is not bad either; close to mission beach and pacific beach Overall, beautiful hotel, horrible service and charges you for breathing. There was a loud party next door, and those people were screaming till 2am. While there was a great outdoor pool with water slides, a pool-side bar, and friendly staff, the room left much to be desired. But the staff is not straight forward and the hotel charges you for just about everything. They said they tried calling us, for that we need to change hotels. For the money I paid, I was not totally pleased. The pictures also displayed modern decor with bright colors and nice resort features. Room we were provided was not that great, beds are too old and smelly! Check in was fast and easy, I arrived early so they kept our luggage and called me once my room was ready. I called just under a week after checking out and explained what happened. I expected more when I booked our stay at the Hyatt Regency Mission Bay. The room was cleaned well and the housekeeping staff did a good job maintaining the room for us. Guestrooms feature balconies with views of the gardens, Mission Bay or the ocean. Einstein Brothers Bagels offers bagels and SWIM Lounge is a poolside bar. We stayed here for 4 nights and overall it was a good experience. The front desk clerk put me next to a noisy room. Water slides at hotel are awesome idea if adults can use them! Found out they about to do renovations but had I known I would have booked out mini suite at the Marriott Regency by Seaport Village. The entire hotel (rooms, grounds, pool) are run down and older, and in desperate need of a refresh. She kind of had that take it or leave it attitude. Overall a nice place to stay, but we won't stay there again because of the extra fees. The overall condition of hotel was average, but the pool area and fire pits were lovely. But, they were clean and comfortable and I'd stay here again for sure. This accommodation is also known as Hyatt Mission, Hyatt Mission Bay, Hyatt Regency Mission, and Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa. I've been here 5+ times and will continue to go back. we were prepared to pay this and were hopeful there would be breakfast available to us but the front desk staff told us there are just onsite restaurants and a buffet where you would pay for what you get, rather than paying an initial fee for breakfast for your whole stay, which is what our understanding was. Beautiful view   The ballet service left much to be desired. They added $29 amenities charge on line, then hit me for another $100 when I got there Front desk, concierge, parking attendant, all stuff are kind help full. The bar area is great for getting a snack or drink  Rooms are great and the views are very nice. All rooms (we had five for our party) had a prominent mirror blocked by the TV. They had a younger gentleman named Anthony who felt bad about the situation and took off our parking fees and resort fees. We had a feeling that it was like 1971...The heater was not making the room warmer even at 75’ degrees. Hairdryers and complimentary toiletries can be found in the private bathrooms. This property was rated at 4 stars by Orbitz and with the Hyatt name, I anticipated a nice property. No frills,but did the job for my family of 5. All she kept saying was $29 resort fee, and $37 Parking per night and i kept askinghow much are the total charges that are going to be charged. overall it was not terrible, but i've stayed in better kept, newer hotels with more amenities included for the same price. When I called the desk about the charges the man I spoke to was so rude and condescending. I think she thought I was part of the event. Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa and Marina is within a half-mile of SeaWorld. the other frustrating thing was that the description of the fees and what was included was somewhat misleading/confusing. overall with all taxes included the hotel is quite pricey and not as good value for money as some other Hyatt Regency we stayed in during our stay in Southern California. It features an on-site marina which offers fishing and boat rentals. Called again later in the afternoon, and still no progress. The hotel is located on the Mission Bay Marina only about 3/4 mile from Mission Beach. The $32/ day was too much bc we thought it included paddle board for 4 but it was just for 1 person. But the hotel staff remedied my concerns after talking to move me to a quieter room. But, the slides and late hour for night swimming endlessly delighted my two kids and the pool bar was nice. The worst part of it all was that at the front desk we were first told that on the wedding night the parking was not going to be charged. I love coming to San Diego but next time I am here I will definitely not come to this place We had a party of twelve 10 from Australia and two from U.K. The concierge recommended an expensive restaurant when we asked for a low end family friendly place (didn't take that advice). Our first night, there was a false fire alarm at 6:40am. It's a bit of disappointment but it served the purpose to sleep. My husband and I couldn't sleep from the bad smell in the room the place . Old windows probably have to be renewed: we could feel the cool air blowing through them. One of the rooms was missing a desk chair and a foot rest. We spoke to another couple who also traveled from NY to Cali and stayed in the hotel for the wedding, and they did the same thing to them. I was grateful for a pool with slide, so that my 12 and 13 yr old had something to do. The parking is very limited because there is a 2am -4 am regulation on the st in front of the hotel and you have to move your car. However, our room was a bit out dated and unremarkable for the price. I feel that the Travelocity fee that is advertised is just a teaser and then the customer is saddled with extra costs. Anyway, moral of the story, $37 per night is rediculous. We could have stayed a little further from Mission Beach for cheaper and still enjoyed the experience. Some even had to pay full costs for their stay. My room was dirty upon entry, literally needing a vacuum and a clean before I could check in. The hotel looks nice from the outside but is not clean. I was missing some things from my room that were in other rooms., some things were ripped or weather beaten. Guests can enjoy kayaking and jet skiing or fishing at the marina. The only compliant I have is that the people above us smoked on their balcony which meant their ashes fell on ours. Just make these changes and the resort would be perfect!! I checked out a night early so I wouldn't have to spend another second there. Since I read quite few reviews after prepaid booking on this hotel, some of those reviews made me concerned. Front desk told us to keep calling throughout the next day to check on the water situation. The suite was worn, drab and needed to be updated. She could have at least tried to justify it some how. Good location with easy access to both Sea World and San Diego but we had few billing issues with bar food and room services charges that have taken a really long time to get resolved. The staff at the hotel were all nice, our check in and check out were simple and as expected. This last trip for the first time I was charged a daily possible charges fee of $125/day!! The pools were “under construction” while I was staying there, so it’s not very relaxing to sit in a pool lounger and look at stacks of plastic furniture, stacks of dirty loungers, and yellow caution tape tied from tree to tree. I was pretty much bed ridden for the whole trip. I was disappointed that our room was not inside the hotel but a section by the $38 dollar a day parking (same rate for valet) Room has aged a bit, carpet had a stain, sofa bed felt the springs so we used our pillows to make it comfortable for the boys. They also charge a hotel convince fee which totaled about +\\- $180 USD for 3 nights. What we got when we arrived was Bay 2, an old dilapidated 2 story building on the other side of the pool. Out the door I paid $209for 3 nights including resort fee. when we got there just after 4 (check in is at 4) our room wasn't ready, but the front desk staff took care of our amenitities fee to compensate. Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa and Marina sits at San Diego's Mission Bay, overlooking the ocean. Resort fees (3 nights - despite arriving after all amenities closed the first night) $85. The pool area is one of the best, a great place to lay around and relax. If you want the resort feel, stay on the side facing the ocean! Charged $38/night for parking on top of resort fee and $300/night. Stayed for 5 nights (two rooms, adjoining) for a wedding at Marina Village. The bedding also didn’t look or feel so fresh and I requested it to be change the next day. The location is gorgeous - Hyatt, invest in your property! I loved all of the activities that were included in the stay. Requested early check in & late check out, which we received and appreciated! if you want better bagle you have to go to New York. It is an easy walk to the beach and also a convenient location to explore other areas of the city with most locations within 10 minutes. It appears it has not had any updates in 10-15 years. If they could simply refresh and refurbish the hotel and have the amenities up and running, it could be a great resort. This resort has an environmentally friendly spa, and pools with waterslides. Lots of fun on the water slides, very convenient pool bar/restaurant plus fun games like foosball. It was no questions asked, they agreed to remove the charge and credit my card. good area of California, parking cost was high for self park,  little dated n dingy like mold on the roof of the hotel bathroom, sliding door was old didn't slide Not a great experience, but not because of the hotel
Halfway through our eight night stay, there was a death back home in the US that required us to go home immediately. The apartment was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. The Grand Plaza Serviced Apartments are located at 42 Princes Square Bayswater, Paddington, in the entertainment district of London City. Check in took forever as we had a new person and he had no idea how to find our room. The six of us stayed in one of the family apartments for a week in March 2018. Suites were clean and the kitchen was provided with all necessary items. Not the best, but did the job, and did it well. I booked this one based on the review online and was very happy with the stay. We were also given access to a wifi enabled phone that we could use in or outside of our room for our stay. Between the 2 station, you can get anywhere in London without having to make too many transfers. The rubbish bin is very large for those who cook and need to throw away containers, and the trash bags are taken away daily. Near to Hyde Park for a run or walk and near to restaurants and Notting Hill. It was great to have a kitchen to keep and prepare food. It was lovely and quiet despite being a very busy hotel. For example, the staff came upstairs to help program the television when my son could not figure it out. The location was a walkable distance to Kennsington Gardens, Portabello Markets and the V&A, if you are up for it, and also close to many Tube stations. During one of the nights, a group of teenagers were partying all night long, with loud talking and screams. Added to the high temperature, that was one of the worst nigh I've ever had at a hotel. And after all there is no hotel or serviced apartment where you need to look if if their rooms have an AC OR NOT. the wifi connection was also good ( I was travelling with my teenage daughter). I complained but they said this is what you reserved. Good location just a bit tired could do with upgrading cleaners and Windows need renewed very drafty We like their friendly welcome in first arrival We like the location  But we weren't happy because of  Small rooms little kitchen  The beds were soooo tiny The staff were very friendly and helpful and I would definitely stay here again, My answer was no, I reserved a suite on Travelocity and they did not mention it does not come with A/C. The location is excellent, the rooms very clean and spacious, the staff very helpful.... However, the housekeeping this time was a real let down. The reception staff were outstanding, really helpful and couldn't have asked for a better experience. Location was perfect, very close to Hyde park and tubes, close to tons of restaurants and sandwich shops. I would have avoided this place as I have recently had knee surgery. Next to a couple of ways full of restaurants as well. I heard that once people get used to US hotels, London hotel will be too tiny. Now I'm going to stand up fro the ladies and gents who actually cleaned the rooms here. We were bounced back and forth between the hotel and Hotels.com, but could not get any help from either. This hotel was great for our family of 6 - 2 adults and 4 children. The Bayswater tube station is only 2 blocks away, and there are a lot of shops close by also. I love this hotel, I would stay here again and again but this time the laundry smelt bad. They also have an affordable and easy to access laundry. The facilities were good and the location enabled us to get about easily. The breakfast is continental, consisting of assorted breads, meats, cheeses, yogurts, and cereal. Overall, the hotel condition was ok.  Had to walk a very long day down numerous corridors and up and down steps to get to our room. The hotel rooms don't have air conditioning, only a fancy fan that they call an air cooler that didn't work well. The establishment was in 2009 recognized as London’s best serviced apartments by the Business Destination Magazine. We just used it for breakfast, which is very convenient. I would stay here again - very happy with our hotel choice. Cleaning ok, but not everything was cleaned on a daily basis. When I see several members of the cleaning staff crying openly in public, there's something wrong. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, We didn't need to worry about anything which left all our time to see as many attractions as we could in the 7 nights we had there.....The location was quiet & everything you could need was a 5 min walk & also very close to the underground subway! Upon checkout, front desk staff confrontational when asked for a receipt. The Grand Plaza Serviced Apartments restaurant serves Malaysian, continental and full cooked breakfast at a surcharge. Our room was very spacious and so was the bathroom. The Bayswater train station is a 5 min walk away and you can easily walk down Edgeware Rd to Hyde Park as well. Terribly hot; no air conditioning; interior courtyard room with no air circulation. Enjoyed our stay here that we have booked it again on our return trip to London in January. But we did not have the energy to cook after a long day in the museums. EVERYTHING WAS GOOD .THE RECEPTION STAFFS SHOULD BE MORE  FRIENDLY. We are blessed to have two large windows to enjoy light with views and are grateful to stay on the ground floor because our son uses a wheel chair. We had a 5 night stay here and it was fantastic. The other issue is that there is no washing machine in the suite. It is a 5 min walk to the Bayswaters Station and 8 minutes to the Queensway station. There were grocery stores and lots of eateries close by as well. We stayed at Grand Plaza Serviced Apartments & it was fabulous from beginning to end! It's very convenient to stay here to be able to use a finely-equipped kitchen to make our own dinner and a dining table to eat in central London. The airline changed our tickets without charge, but the hotel would not do anything to accommodate our change in plans. The room was adequate and very clean and the staff were helpful. We stayed at the hotel, 3 persons, on the end of September 2016 and it was very hot in London. I did not see in the info on Hotels.com the lack of a lift to our room. We were better if we reserved connecting rooms in a good hotel. Thanks God the weather was cool but we are not accustom to sleep with the windows open. With a kitchen and a dinning table, you can cook. After I made reservations in this place on Travelocity, they put me in a room with no A/C and with Windows that barely open 6 inches. It was very difficult to sleep at night due to the high temperature. Great location, quiet neighborhood but very close to public transportation. Could use a little more storage like drawers would have been nice. Each apartment features a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, DVD player, free Wi-Fi, private bathroom with shower/bath, luxury washbowls and complimentary toiletries, fully equipped kitchenette, microwave, hob, and fridge. The room was just enough space for 2 people with luggage. At the end they forced me to pay 50£/night extra to upgrade to a room with AC and it was too hot. Use free Wi-Fi and/or watch TV while relaxing in the lobby; you can also unwind in the garden. Not So Good: The deposit during check-in really burdened my staff. We didn't use the kitchen much, but it was well stock, had we needed to. The room is quite spacious and is cleaned and offered clean towels as well as other cleansers daily. Attractions in the vicinity include Hyde Park, Notting Hill, Kensington Palace, Portobello Road Market, Natural History Museum, Westfield London, and Victoria and Albert Museum. This place is in a great location, in a nice neighborhood. I've stayed at this hotel many times over the last ten years and it's always interesting to see how it's changed each time I return. Close to underground and hyde park, we just use the room to sleep and take a bath but the it was really comfortable and safe place The beds are comfortable, the kitchen facilities are adequate, just what you need for cooking a quick simple meal. Additionally, they were able and willing to provide directions to sights we were interested in. Several times I had to put 'clean' towels straight into the washing pile as they smelt like they'd been dried poorly, the sheets were in bad condition and had stains. The cleaners and chambermaids in any hotel have a hard job and I fully take my hat off to them, but they have no control over how clean the sheets or towels which come from a laundry are. Very nice upgrade for repeat visits and well equipped mini kitchen The location was perfect with 2 underground stations nearby and loads of cafes, pubs and shops within walking distance. The day we left, the car we ordered the night before to take us to the train station didn't show up and we left 20 minutes after the time we wanted and almost lost the train. It was great to also have some basic kitchen facilities. We might have stayed there for our annual trip to London in future years, but definitely will not stay there now and do not recommend it to anyone. CONS: It was kind of small, but, for the price it was expected. Brilliant place and so well located - immaculately clean throughout - staff delightful and price was spot on - huge apartment and can't wait to give it another go - special thanks to the check-in staff and the breakfast ladies - fantastic and well done :) There is a M&S Food store close by and a Tesco too, also there's a lot of restaurants in the vicinity. This hotel has spacious rooms and is good for a family of 5. Great location near Hyde Park, many supermarkets/ restaurants The Whiteleys Shopping Mall & 2 Underground stations. The accomodation is clean, roomy and staff ensured all that we needed was made available. The hotel likely rented our room to another visitor, therefore collecting double for the same space.
The night staff could've cared less there was no hot water or the appearance of the room. For almost $100 a night we could've gotten a cleaner room with better service at a Motel 8. They didn't empty the trash didn't replace toilet paper because it was empty, didn't replace towels that were left on the floor. It was ok for the price and I got a promo deal. What disgusted me most was the fact that the towels had RED stains; absolutely disgusting. Air from restroom not working so it was super steamy when using shower. Howard Johnson Inn and Suites Central San Antonio is just ten minutes’ drive from North Star Mall and San Antonio International Airport. There were roaches, there were NO blankets AT ALL, not even on the beds, the bedsheets had stains and so did the pillows, LARGE YELLOW STAINS! Reserved two days in advance and upon checking in at 6:30pm and had to wait for fifteen minutes for room to be cleaned and ready. I arrived at 4 am and was infromed early check in was at 6:30 am for 30$ extra. The other days and nights the water was luke warm almost cold, the sofa cushions had rips and stains all over them, the cleaning service did not even make the beds the 1st 2 nights or leave fresh cups. We were too tired to deal with it, so we just used a sheet from the bed. I came back precisely at 6:30 am and was told I couldn't check in until 3:00 pm and on top of that, when I looked at my partner in surprise, the clerk sarcastically asked Are you ok? Window sheers torn up, door would not self- close, vent in bathroom broken, dangerous light switch, cops were there twice during our 3 day stay. Over all, I would recommend this place to my friends as a good place to lay my head. Breakfast was ok but not enough room for all the guest True the rates are lower than other hotels but the parking lot was full so ... Upon my arrival to the hotel, I was greeted by an unfriendly female clerk at the front desk. Most of the staff members were very friendly, accommodating and pleasant. The faucet was never fixed and was really hard to shower or bath. The room was spacious and and modern with everything needed in a suite. Light bulbs were missing, the hall was very run down and dirty. I was placed all the way to the back with my 5yr old. It was easy to miss this hotel because of it. I am a Wyndham member and so decided to stay here for one night. I tried calling front office about situation and no answer. Regular light bulb in bathroom we're Heat bulb supposed to be. I threatened front desk that I will call the cops. It looked like a lot of paint was used to camouflage an old run down hotel. Carpeting was so dirty I walked on a towel getting out of the shower to my suitcase. The night staff was rude and unaccommodating, we stayed 3 nights and only had hot water the 1st night. The bathroom sheet rock was on ceiling was coming down, had mold on floor, phone didn't work,maid came in room unannounced! This was a last minute stay where price was the primary concern. Air conditioning worked very well as my room was freezing in August. I knew it would be bad when their sign was halfway ripped off. The cleaning staff was nice and friendly - even the guy sweeping up a spill in the restaurant area stopped to help us. As I stepped up to the corner nothing was said so I said fine I'll go first . We called the front desk in disbelief and instead of hearing an apology all we got was well,the staff are gone for the day so there's nothing I can do. Location is convenient to airport, late night food and gas station. But not for the hotel....   Also positive: easy to get on/off the freeway and get to the center of the city quickly It was perfect for access to bus to downtown for Riverwalk and Alamo. Orange juice was an orange drink rather than juice,  waffle maker over cooked and eggs were bland. Once in the room we found it to very low quality. Maintenance came and looked at it but it still didn’t work the next day. The room was as expected, but the hotel was not nice. Just had to walk under freeway to pick up the bus at an inside terminal. You could tell the room had recently been remodeled by the smell of fresh paint......understandable. The pool is in the center of a beautiful courtyard. That was fine, since it is my fault that I didn't check at what time the early check in was, so we slept in the car meanwhile. There were steel gates on both ends of the parking lot. The staff was friendly, the breakfast was ok but not great. This hotel is super easy to go to & from. Traditionally-decorated air-conditioned suites feature an en suite bathroom, safe, coffee-maker, flat-screen cable TV, fridge, microwave and ironing facilities. My room door was so stuck I thought I was at the wrong door. So we could keep car parked the entire time we were there. Very spacious,  great staff,  could do better on the breakfast part but other than that  great n convenient We couldn’t work the knob for the shower as it was loose or broken. But the the cleaning chemical kindof too strong for me..we keep sneazing There is really no excuse to let a building go to ruin such as the Howard Johnson in which I stayed. Hotel room was outdated nothing speacial about it  Furniture was old. At first glance a bit outdated but the staff is very friendly and the rooms are clean, to me that is what matters the most. The hotel is located on a major one way interstate road making it bit tricky coming in or going out. After a long drive I was tired and just wanted to get my family and myself situated in a room and rest. I asked to be moved to another room and the second room was in much better shape: no odd smells, no urine stains. You can tell the building was old and the sofa bed was old and torn This hotel was ok but was a little out dated! There were only 2 sets of towels for a family of 4 room. I noticed she was wearing a white polo shirt, I'm taking it was a uniform of the hotel but it was fully unbutton to the point I could see a tattoo right above or right breast. They came and looked at it and said they would have it fixed when we got back later that afternoon. The hotel was very clean, the staff was extremely pleasant and the grounds were very well maintained. Front desk was super pleasant in our check in, and really helpful getting us a non-smelling room quickly. The blanket (not on bed, in closet) was dirty, not a comfortable sleep, bed was lumpy. Room service came first day and things look good but floors still not vacuumed. They were good about refilling missing items if you asked, but to me, you shouldn't have to ask. I wasn't thrilled about the attitude she was projecting by her looks and demeanor. However,  the breakfast was one of the worst we've ever had at a hotel. When we turned it, it would just turn in circles and not work properly. We called front desk and they sent someone to look at it. Six Flags Fiesta Texas theme park is about ten miles away. They it was because the hotel was full and other people trying to shower also at the same time. Facilities include a seasonal outdoor swimming pool with hot-tub, business center, 24-hour reception, launderette, meeting space and a fitness center. It appeared to be Blood on the wall behind the door. Coffee maker was dirty and microwave had particles of food and food splatter inside The room was average the furniture is old needs cleaning perhaps replacing. the bathtub faucet was so old that it didn't have the H or C or colors to tell the water temp. Our carpet had stains everywhere, the drawer on a dresser was broken literally hanging from one side. Anyways, when I checked in at around 10, I was surprised to see the room in horrible condition. I would not recommend this hotel or ever stay again. Said was non smoking but ashes were in the bathroom. I will not stay in a Howard Johnson Inn in the future. Had to go to front desk for towels after I undressed for shower. At 3am, I got woken up to people screaming and fist fighting. Obviously the staff is doing its best with what they are given. When it came down to the next day they only had one waffle maker for breakfast so imagine the line. Everything was very clean and the front lady was very nice The bed sank in the middle, so we kept rolling inwards all night  This was our second room- the first one actually smelled so bad we asked to change rooms. I don't think Orbitz should have this motel on their web site ! This was not a good experience , hotel is not clean and very badly managed , I had to do early checkout due to these First floor room so listened to the brats scream at the pool all night. I booked two weeks in advance and the room they placed us in smelled moldy. All in all I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone. Someone renovate this hotel,  or at least repair it. Howard Johnson Inn and Suites Central San Antonio offers straightforward all-suite accommodation with free Wi-Fi throughout and ample free parking just off Interstates 10 and 410. Because this hotel is located in central San Antanio , you are riding 20 to 30 minutes on interstate high traffic roads to get to any major attraction and then trying to find a place to park The sink had remnants of workers spilling some sort gunk or paint. Down side is that you had to ask the receptionist to open the gate to let you out and back in after 10 pm. The sofa bed had a huge, yellow, urine stain on the mattress and it was missing hooks to keep the mattress leveled. I was surprised to fine such a large, nice room, with everything I would need. To finish off the bad experience, the free breakfast is just scattered mini donuts (which are stale by the way) and a couple of bananas. There was a dead bug on the floor and I have a 2 year old girl running around it. Room was spacious but the drawers were dirty, toilet seat cracked, and maids didn't clean room good. It was ok, i think that need to put some chemicals to take away thr bad oddors Dining options within one mile include grills and fast food joints. The Hotel is very dated and seems to be worn and damaged. Worst decision I made with this hotel, not so good zone It was a good stay but rooms needs to be cleaner, smell better and upgraded. If breakfast isn't important,  this would be a good choice. I wouldn’t stay here again... but it fit our need at the time. Downtown attractions like the River Walk and Alamo World Heritage Site are about seven miles away. And I had no hot water in the morning for my shower!!! The wall switches next to the door did not put on the lights so we had to ask hotel staff for help. People are so friendly, rooms are clean, breakfast was great, and prices were lower than most! There is no attendant, so it is hit & miss if you get eggs, coffee, or batter for a waffle. The sofa sleeper in our room was a little well-worn. Really- I would stay here again if I could be guaranteed those staff members would be there. The room was spacious and clean, we felt safe, and the night front desk person was extremely helpful. The electrical outlets did not function except for one in the entire room. Given the area of town I was a little concerned but as soon as I walked through the doors I was put at ease. Pre-paid for 3 days with no refund available or we would have gone to another hotel. The carpet under the sink looked like it hadn’t been vacuumed in a few months The sink had a slow drain The hair dryer didn’t work, because the plug didn’t work.
Some of the staff have been at the hotel for over 25 years which really says something. But you're in such a beautiful location, and the hotel is very nice. My husband had an emergency and wehad to rush to the hospital. Location was perfect as everything is within a short walking or driving distance. Not sure I will be returning to this hotel after recent experience . I will say I wish the bathroom counter top was bigger. While the location was nice we were facing the street and if you don't mind cars honking for hours on end, this is the place for you. The hotel is very good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Staff were amazing, they made my stay, super cool and nothing was too much, so accomodating. I've visited SF numerous times, and this is by far my favorite hotel. One thing is bathroom could have been a little bigger. No need for a car between Uber the car service and the cable cars. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and the whole vibe here is terrific. Sexy boutique hotel for a weekend in a great part of town with one of the best classic bar/restaurants in the city. We stayed in a Junior Suite and it was spacious and well appointed. Previously spa was available to hotel guest for no additional charge. The first room smelled sour to the point that it was unbearable for 1/2 hour, even with window all open. The Scarlett Huntington is extraordinary for service, food and comfort. Tough to find a coffee shop without going down the hills! Having just read Season Of the Witch, it feel authentic. The room we had was much larger than most in San Francisco and had a nice view of the park below. I was a bit unsure before we arrived as the hotel website has a very 'boudoir' feel to it, but the hotel itself is nothing like that, it's very elegant and classy. However it is really easy to get around via the cable car (still have to climb a less steep hill for the Powell lines). I didn't know if it was just our room, but not only did the in-room phone not work, but I tried calling on my cell phone and they didn't answer at the front desk. Great location away from downtown but really not that far. We came here as part of our honeymoon and had a truly wonderful stay. Not only was I offered a fantastic upgrade, the entire stay was beyond my expectations. Breakfast is served daily and later dining consists of New American themed cuisine in the Big 4 Restaurant and Bar. I highly recommend staying at this historic hotel with amazing access to the Nob Hill spa. Nice hotel close to everything, clean rooms but in no way a 4 star more like a 3 star The Hotel is in a beautiful location, has historic significance, great restaurant (super expensive for so-so caliber food), and nice spa. This hotel was fantastic from the moment i walked through the door. We didn't spend much time at the hotel, so I can't say anything about the amenities. The Golden Gate Bridge is a 10 minute drive away and it’s an easy 15 minute walk to Fisherman’s Wharf. The second room was nice, great view, but hair on floors and on blanket in closet--icckkk! Love The Big Four restaurant and bar, complete with old world charm, fireplace and piano music! Whoever was responsible for the awful furniture in lobby and the rooms should be let go .. Just terrible .. Rule number 1... Don't try to be Sonething ur not !!! Staff very helpful, room clean and huge with lovely view over park and could see harbour. Wonderful location on top of Nob Hill, nice historic bar and restaurant. The car service is a great amenity and Ursula was fantastic. We were put into a room next to a suite where the neighbors were being terribly loud for hours into the early evening. Have stayed at Scarlett  several times in past and loved hotel. Spa was nice, massage was great, and the room was , quiet and very comfortable. King beds we full so the staff was nice enough to upgrade is for free instead of a double bed. My room was quiet and comfortable and the service was, for the most part, very attentive and efficient. A cable car station is situated immediately in front of the hotel. The doorman, James, limo driver Ursula, and the front desk operator, George, made our stay-they were the cream of the crop and honestly people that you want to be friends with. They are colorfully decorated with air conditioning, telephone, complimentary toiletries, desk space, hairdryer, seating area and flat screen TV. The room was gorgeous with a stunning view of Grace Cathedral. A woman from the hotel (with all the rush I couldn't get her name) drove us to the hospital and was also really helpful and nice, she didn't even charge us to take us there. This hotel is in an excellent location to get anyplace in less than 15 minutes. Now  $40.00 charge per person per day  and weekends require treatment to have spa access. The next morning we were switched rooms and got an upgrade. The Scarlet Huntington, formerly known as The Huntington Hotel, is a 4-star hotel, just half a mile from San Francisco’s Union Square and in the fashionable Nob Hill district. I've stayed at much more expensive hotels that were not as nice. I told them front desk and they basically said that if it keeps happening, to let them know...but they made no attempt to move us nor to call out the rowdy neighbors. The concierge working those days was EXTREMELY helpful and polite. the best view possible...room 1100... recently remodeled...think they could still do more withbentrancecand lobby....but slept so peacefully, grateful. Hector went out of his way to help us that day (actually he was extremely nice and helpful during our whole stay, but that they he really helped when we needed the most). The Scarlet is a really nice hotel with nice facilities and a great view of San Francisco. Free WiFi is available, in addition to valet parking (surcharge). Nice hotel but old bldg The  park at the front of the hotel was very nice and clean Some nice restaurant in a waking distance We where 2 block of the fairmont hotel   The staff was help full  I will recommend the hotel The bar is so nice and the room was great for the 2 of us We will be back. Just need to look beyond gawdy furniture and scarlet colors. For $360 for one night, I certainly would not go back. We were impressed with how kind everyone was at the hotel. Wonderful hotel ideally located in the best area of San Francisco. What an amazing hotel fantastic decor large rooms super comfortable beds friendly staff and old world charm Grace Cathedral is as beautiful as any church in Europe and is across the road. Amazing room that made us feel we went back in Time. Right across the street from a beautiful cathedral that’s worth a visit. Lovely location, comfortable rooms, nice bathrooms, great spa and timeless Big 4 restaurant bar. Nice hotel with really friendly staff and nicely decorated, updated rooms. We brought friends with us this time that were equally impressed and will make this their hotel of choice as well. We were first given a premium room for disabled and the shower was really uncomfortable and lots of notices came from other rooms every time someon showered, went to the bathroom or even washed their hands. Room was beautiful, the bed was the best I have ever slept in while travelling so if you have back issues this is your hotel. So we could hardly get some sleep the first night. We did lose power for several hours in the evening, at least from 1am-5am. The hotel is very nice and close to North Beach. The room was nice and comfortable but not outstanding (given the price). They always treat me as if my business is very important to them. We like the new version with the old bar and restaurant. It is in an excellent location on Nob Hill on California with easy access to North Beach, China Town and Union Square. I was dreading having to carry all of our luggage 8 floors down and even power didn't come back on. We have stayed at the Huntington several times over the years. The Huntington Hotel (Scarlet) has a 24 hour front desk, indoor infinity pool, hot tub, conference spaces, dry cleaning/laundry service, fitness facilities and spa. Location of hotel is in the middle of everything so it was easy to get to all the places we wanted to go. The room was spacious, beautifully decorated, soundproof to the noises of the city, great amentities and gorgeous views of San Francisco. Ride was worth it to not have to climb the hill. It's a great hotel all 'round:  Cost, super nice rooms and a great staff! We stayed feb 21-23, and the place was pretty awesome. The worst part of the hotel is the simple stuff, you literally CANNOT get ANYTHING, not even ice, without requesting delivery of it to your room and paying tips.
It was clean, comfortable & very close to some nice tapas bars. Great value for money & ideally situated for an early morning flight. After an interesting & funny phone call (me speaking little Spanish & the host little English), we were shown the parking area & ample apartment. Situated in Carihuela, María Del Carmen is within a five-minute walk of Bajondillo. All rooms include free Wi-Fi and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer. There is a 24-hour health club on the premises as well as a rooftop terrace. There are nine apartments, all of which include seating areas with sofa beds and a flat-screen television, a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator, and a private balcony or patio. Both El Saltillo Beach and La Carihuela are within a 15-minute walk of María Del Carmen. Parking on the property is free, and guests can receive tour and ticket assistance from the hotel. Room service is available during limited hours of the day, and there are several other dining establishments nearby.
This lovely view every day made it very easy to relax. Hotel Luxor & Cairo is a luxury hotel located near the sea on Jesolo Beach. All rooms and suites are en suite with bath and shower as well as complimentary toiletries. I did congratulate the gardener/groundsman one day on his upkeep of all the plants. This hotel's restaurant serves international and Italian cuisine in a Venetian atmosphere. The Terrace Bar is open 24 hours per day and serves cocktails, coffee, and other drinks. This hotel also offers a salt-water pool, fitness centre, and spa with sauna, whirlpool, beauty treatments, and massage. The hotel is situated a stones throw from a beautiful beach and view of the ocean and there is also a lovely quiet swimming pool and dining area at the back of the hotel before the beach which is surrounded by lots of lovely plants,flowers and palm trees. Hotel Luxor & Cairo offers a 24-hour front desk, laundry facilities, tour/ticket assistance, and free self-parking. Other amenities include satellite TV, telephone, free Wi-Fi, mini-bar, and air conditioning.
Staff very professional and friendly....only complaint breakfast a bit overpriced.....but overtime faultless. We were pleasantly surprised by Stuttgart itself - we didn't have high expectations, as we found little information on it on the internet/guide books (we were here to go to a concert), but the Christmas market was one of the best we have been to, and there were plenty of museums/galleries/outside spaces to look round. Nice stay within the city that doesn't break you and is close enough to everything. The elegant 4-star-hotel ARCOTEL Camino Stuttgart is located in the heart of one of Europe’s greenest big cities: In only a few minutes on foot, you reach the main train station, the shopping boulevard "Königstraße", the bars and restaurants of "Theodor-Heuss-Straße" running parallel to it, magnificent palaces and impressive buildings as well as numerous cultural sites, such as the State Theatre. Bar was excellent and the food in the restaurant of good quality. The apartments are also perfectly suitable for small business meetings in an exclusive, private environment. Mall, main station and restaurants all within 8 to 10 min with slow walking pace. We found our way to the hotel without problem, having looked it up on a map prior to departure, as some reviews had mentioned it was hard to find - 10 min walk from city centre/train station. Stuttgart’s vineyards and forests, numerous parks and gardens that invite you to stay and relax also give the city a very special appeal. The bar in hotel was excellent but male bar staff not friendly , female bar staff very helpful, receptionists very good Bartender really nice and gave great recommendation for Italian food. Both apartments are located on the quiet third floor and offer a mini kitchen with a stove, dishwasher, coffee machine, water kettle, refrigerator, including high quality dishes and glasses. Room was a decent size for city hotel, and was clean and tidy. Hotel short walk from station as well as centre of Stuttgart which is why we chose it. Hotel was amazing staff were friendly and most helpful would definitely recommend this to a friend and would stay again This design hotel offers the following room categories: Comfort rooms, superior rooms, junior suite, suite, apartment and themed rooms. We would certainly use hotel again - preferably after new station has been built though due to advice from hotel staff we now know best route to the city centre. Perfect for an in and out stay and I am being forced to write more shot here Just one down-side in our experience - when arriving at Main Railway station the whole area is a building site and very difficult to find road to hotel. Breakfast was more than adequate - there were hot/cold foods, pastries, cereals - you name it, it was there, and set us up for the day. The three themed rooms "Weissenhofzimmer", "Schaustellenzimmer" and "Caminozimmer" belong to the superior category. Only complaint I have was the smell of smoke in hall each morning. When we need directions to somewhere or a really upscale German hotel, they had the best. All rooms and suites are equipped with air-conditioner, minibar, notebook-sized safe, flat-screen, DVD/CD player, high-speed-internet, cordless phone and much more. In fact, we didn't get to do everything in our few days, so will be returning later in the year, and will definitely stay at the ARCOTEL Camino again. Lovely hotel, well situated, beautifully presented, ultra clean, lovely huge room, beds like sleeping on a cloud! Hotel was very good , great location near to station . The two distinguished and spacious apartments (75 sqm) provide two separate bed and bathrooms as well as a separate living room and meeting area. 168 rooms and suites, inspired by the Camino de Santiago "Camino de Santiago", creating with warm earth tones in conjunction with state of the art technology a pleasant atmosphere. Fortunately a passer-by knew of the hotel and gave good directions. I would stay at any of these Arcotel Hotels if all were like this one Compliments to all of the employees!
Also on hand is 24-hour reception service, a fitness studio, infrared sauna, Dutch lounge, and vending machines. Close to airport and Central station to see the sites. So, simply, the best thing about this place is the people. Bring some dishwasher tablets or washing up liquid (only supply two). Lovely room, does match the name and has an apartment style and feel. I will give them full scores if not  I keep smelling the bad smell from the sewage over the whole night. This accommodation is also known as Amsterdam Identity, Amsterdam Identity Apartments, Identity Apartments, and Identity Apartments Amsterdam. ‘Executive’ apartment was like a converted office with poorly covered cabling, misaligned sockets and pictures painted on the wall with tv fixed to wall partly covering one of the pictures... odd! Be advised they do charge for some amanities like use of the laundry room. We had a two bed apartment, which was spacious and clean, great showers in the bathrooms. Hotel is very near train station with Amsterdam central just a 5 minute train away. We only went in for drinks but saw other people eating there which was a good sign. The apartment was really spacious and well appointed, and decorated very funkily without being twee - which made us feel like we were in Amsterdam, even though were were 1 stop out, just outside the crazy hustle and bustle of the city. :) Also two minute walk from a Spar so could buy snacks for hotel! We were greeted when we arrived late by an Irish guy and a Moroccan guy (cant remember their names) and it only got better from there. Its a short train ride from centre of town but considering the saving it was worth it. The bathroom (which was an ensuite off the bedroom) was a great size and I loved the bathroom minis they provided. Train station is only 4 minute walk away which is one stop (less than 5 minutes) to the main central station. This hotel clearly has managed to cultivate a great staff culture - I interacted with 3 different sets of staff, and they were all as helpful and delightful as each other. The best thing was it was one of our sons 12th birthday when we were there, and on their own initiative, the staff asked if they could sneak in and decorate the room for him whilst we were out in the city. Visited lovely Vondelpark by tram 12, which the family both young and old really enjoyed exploring. Used the Spa supermarket, and had enjoyable meals at Marmaris restaurant and Adams Bar. me and my husband enjoyed are stay there it was so close to everything and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Amsterdam ID Aparthotel is an apartment hotel in Amsterdam, Netherlands. On the ground floor they have Adams ID bar which also serves food. I was a little fearful of thischoice due to its proximity to the center. The station is literally three minutes away and then it has a five minute train to dam central. We loved our experience and will recommend the hotel to others. Guests are encouraged to utilize each apartment’s kitchen or enjoy fine dining off-site. There's also a complimentary pc & printer here so if you wanted to print out excursion tickets you can do it without bothering any of the staff. This place was really fantastic, I highly recommend it and would definitely return! Young children can get railrunner train tickets for the day and all day tickets on the trams. Great location for those who want to experience the buzz of Amsterdam and can catch the train (one stop) home for a night cap in the comfort of the hotel. Great hotel for a longer-term stay, with very spacious rooms featuring separate dining, lounge and sleeping areas. Reception staff seemed deliberately unhelpful otherwise a typical block in the middle of nowhere - no character at all. This aparthotel is a 6 min train ride from Amsterdam Central station and you can see the train station from the front entrance of the hotel which is great! They put up birthday banners and balloons, and gave hm a hand written card with a lovely bar of chocolate... our son was totally chuffed! I realise this may sound like a paid review - but it's not. We booked a 1 bed apartment and it was amazing! It is a 6 minute train ride to Central Amsterdam! Had great parking too for our large van we had rented. There was a good looking bar and restaurant, but we didn't eat there as we were only there for 2 nights. The hotel was great for us, only thing was it was a bit dusty and the bin hadn’t been changed when we came in The 41 two bedroom apartments also offer en suite bathrooms. The lounge area had a very comfy couch and big tv with lots of channels. It is 10 minutes from Schiphol Airport, Rai Exhibition Center, and The World Trade Centre. The gym is open 24 hours a day and is free of charge. This made travel within and outside the city center extremely convenient! Great place to stay with your family, kids loved it!! They also have a games area to the side of the bar which has a pool table, foozball table, dart board, an Xbox & giant tv. The hotel is in a great location - only a couple of paces away from a train station that goes directly to Amsterdam Central and Schiphol airport. The apartment hotel offers 94 apartments, each with an open plan kitchen, smart television with over 100 channels, and complimentary Wi-Fi Internet access. Well placed for quick travel links to the airport and city centre. The bedroom was small but the bed was HUGE & so comfy and there was a tv too! We just had an awesome stay - and it made the end of our month long vacation. This is a perfect option right outside the city center. It is also less than 15 minutes from Museum Square. However, it is located directly across the street from the train and trolly station. Hotel clean and modern and was good to have our own kitchen! Everyone is friendly and helpful at the hotel, on trains and trams and in the city.
Walking distance to the seaport area where we ate dinner. We didnt even take avantage of the 60` pool, the gym and the full service spa that was onsite. The Boston Harbor Hotel is a five star waterfront hotel in Boston. When i asked if it was possible for me to have a late checkout,  i was asked what time would be best for me. All rooms have en suite bathrooms with extras such as complimentary toiletries and telephone. Just be careful because it can be pricey for a business budget. They called on our behalf to make our dinner reservation and even slipped a typed confirmation letter under our door! My one suggestion would be to include a package with breakfast! The complimentary coffee service was lacking--one coffee urn--several guests were lined up. So much is within walking distance of the hotel too. Rooms are all non-smoking and have complimentary Wi-Fi and bottled water. No ice machines, had to pay to park ($55/day), room had ants. I was given a corner room on the top floor with a balcony which was a great surprise. The whole experience started with them and couldn't ask for better people. I sadly probably won’t come back as the cost didn’t match the experience and will stay at the newer hotel a few doors down 5 star for half the price. We found the hotel staff extremely helpful and courteous.The rooms were extremely comfortable. Next morning, noticed the toilet was leaking from under the toilet. Its right in the heart of the North End which has tons of food options and is near the TD Garden, The Aquarium and Quincy Market. Went back, they stamped it, but in the wrong place. When i asked for extra soap, it was brought to me right away in a gift bag...classy. The doormen were very kind and brought the luggage in our very large king suite and put the clothes in the closet and both bags on luggage stands. Guests are welcome to use facilities such as fitness center and health club, sauna, spa and swimming pool. The room had one massive 60` tv with a bedside ipad. The staff made us feel comfortable and was warm and welcoming. The only suggestion I have is adding a mini fridge in the rooms. There was a large room next to the living room which my girlfriend loved for the mirror. The attention to detail with the various soaps, lotions and amenities was amazing! Its definitely not in everyones budget but its worth every penny, trust me!.Its four stars and more and ill never stay anywhere else in Boston! Top notch service, friendly staff, clean and beautiful rooms... it felt like living in a palace. The service, the friendliness of the staff, the beautiful rooms with views of the waterfront and the cleanliness of the rooms all make this a first rate hotel. It was snowing and the doormen hailed a cab for us and we waited inside. Breakfast next morning was fair at best, not the level of quality I would have expected, would not eat their again. Room was beautiful, bar was nice and the Apps were great. It is not cheap to stay here, but it is a great experience. From the moment we arrived the service was great, helpful and professional. Meritage restaurant also burnt my Fiancee’s crab cake twice resulting a long wait. We had to walk to a hotel nearby no ride provided from the hotel. No pool wish website said it was out of order as I booked it for the pool. Staff was outstanding, cocktails in the afternoon and night after returning, all good. Wanted to have a good experience for my daughter on her 18th birthday. The view of the harbour was great and there are options for dining. Every time we walked out of the building we got looks like we didn't belong. This stay was lackluster as I frequent the hotel often for business. Quiet and peaceful after a long day in the city. Amenities in guest rooms include an illy Coffee Machine, television with premium channels, CD player, sewing kit, air conditioning, desk and work area and a clock radio. First time staying here (3 nights) and I will never go anywhere else now when in Boston. Staff is wonderful and complimentary turn down service most nights (free fresh fruit, water, wine glasses, plates)  set out every night. If you don't drive a BMW or Mercedes, and dress like you own the place, you will be looked down on. The front desk is open 24 hours a day while luggage storage is offered. We were upgraded to a larger room and before going to our room we were directed to the bar were the receptionist bought us a round of cocktails. It's all that you would expect from a five star hotel and then some..... Buffet on weekends is awesome - almost everything on the menu is INCLUDED in the buffet, can't beat that. It needs an interior decorator to fancy it up again. The Boston Harbor Hotel has 2 restaurants, all serving various food options while room service is available 24 hours a day. I’ll definitely stay at the Boston Harbor Hotel next time business takes me to Boston. However it took half-hour to get ice from Room Service. The staff were fabulous, and the hotel was classy and luxurious. Local attractions include New England Aquarium, Boston Tea Party Ship, Boston Massacre Site, Boston City Hall and Old State House. This place has wonderful service and would come back again! The adjacent living room had another 60` tv while overlooking the city at night which was gorgeous! Everything was awesome, I over touristed( bought too much touristy junk) and could fit all my stuff in my bag so they even sent it home for me... great work from a great group, will be back! Theres nothing like having it wheeled in with muffins, assorted jams and an orchid as a centerpiece! Elegant and spacious with fantastic staff starting with the genuine smile emanating from William at the front entrance. If you want unparalleded accomodations with the most amazing customer service , this is the hotel to stay in Boston. Excellent everything just about sums it up and the view is incredible to say the least After a day of sightseeing, you return to an ambiance of calm throughout, with tasteful classic music piped through the public areas. Guest rooms come with either one single bed, one king bed or two double beds. We ordered breakfast the night before and it was ready at exactly 8am. Everything was ready and waiting for me to quickly sign in. The bathroom was huge with a large standup shower with modern fixtures and makeup mirror. We walked over to the North End as well as the Seaport for dinners. Meeting rooms and a business center are open to all guests. Save your money and go to a Holiday Inn Express or Marriott. Fish restaurant smells a lot not good for afternoon tea.
The room service was way too early (9 AM), we always requested them to come back at around noon when we were out of the room. I guess my only real complaint is that it’s one of those “motel style” hotels where the door opens to the outside. The hotel was close to many other amenities and had shuttle services. Refrigerator and microwave were fine but we came with 2 babies and needed the ability to do breskfast, lunch and/or snacks. I booked 2 rooms both rooms smelled and the doors to the bathroom would get stuck and you would have to have someone let you out. I stayed at this hotel a few years ago and it was very good,  however a lot has changed since then and not for the better! The gift shop was so helpful and had lots to choose from. It was no ritz carlton however I was very impressed with my stay. This hotel is a straight shot to Universal and close to Disney Springs as well as Disney World. So I ended up paying one day that I already had pay for. I had an issue with my hotel, and they were so nice to give us another room, with complimentary breakfast and dinner. My run in with other staff at the front desk and the gift shop were short and to the point so I didnt really catch any wow factor there they seemed to just want to give you your information, goods, etc and push you off and on your way however the rooms were clean and property appeared to be well kept. This accommodation is also known as Clarion Inn Lake Buena Vista Rosen Hotel Orlando, Clarion Inn Lake Buena Vista Rosen Hotel, Clarion Lake Buena Vista Rosen Orlando, and Clarion Lake Buena Vista Rosen. I was attending conference and frustrated with pool hours 9-10 even though there is never a life guard so not sure why? The shuttle schedule to and from the theme parks also made it difficult with little ones. Attractions close to the Clarion Inn Lake Buena Vista Hotel include Wet ‘n Wild Water Park, wonderful for a day out and Discovery Cove. Sure, some updates could be made, but I was here for a restful nights sleep after a long day at the park. It was only about 13-15 minutes away and I encountered very little traffic to or from the Convention Center. No dishes or utensils, or place to sit and feed the kids was a disappointment. They do offer one to the Disney parks and the outlet mall. We enjoyed our stay very much just wish we had a king bed food was excellent drinks were good service was exceptional Was very nice, clean place and conveniently located to Disney and Sea World. It was the only hotel in the Orlando area that didn't charge a daily resort fee. Usually I don't sleep well in hotels because of noise or uncomfortable bed, not this time! Although not very cheap, I guess you get what you pay. I absolutely loved how there was an abundance of security officers on the property and they were always visible, present and extremely happy in their position they actually made me feel like they cared about their jobs and wanted to make sure everyone was safe. I slept like a rock despite some light noise from the highway. I travelled before 7:30 am and after 6 pm to avoid the rush hour traffic. The room is outdated and it smelled like cigarettes although it says smoke-free. The rooms have fresh paibt but could really use further updating. I would definately come back to that property for that peace of mind. No fitted sheets on the beds, seriously just a flat sheet if you moved around at night it came off! Not sure if the Ofiicers were contract or in house but ive seen too many properties where officers were there for a paycheck and thats it. The door from the lobby to the rooms says please ask for assistance for handicapped people. They told us we had checked out from the wrong room and that I had to pay an extra day from the other room. Only complaint is the pillows were overstuffed so not comfortable for my taste. Ended up renting a car to make the most of my vacation. We never heard any of the other guests though, just the road noise from the highway. The location was excellent, and the hotel amenities were pretty good. We even ended up moving our car since there were plenty of spaces at this end of the Inn. After our ride in the first elevator where trash was thrown all over and the elevator was really dirty, I was ready to go back to the office and refuse to stay if the elevator reflected the upkeep of our actual room. Nice hotel in a nice area for better good price. Stay one night on way home from Florida west coast so we could be near Disney Springs. Could not believe hotel was so close to Disney at the price we booked it for. I felt comfortable bringing my two year old daughter to that property. motel is located in good location/choices of cafés near is good/road noise was bad (room faced  the interstate)/check in was very slow/and motel needs to be refurbished It’s a good value if you plan on only spending the night there and the rest of our time out of the room Delivery trucks to the restaurant at 3 AM...we had trouble keeping the babies from waking every time they heard an alarm, truck bavking up, bus loading, unloading, and idling. Beautiful property,  friendly stuff, nice restaurant and buffet available but kinda expensive though,  but thanks God I got a 50 percent discount. This is a really great hotel for less than $100. I would definitely bring my family back to this hotel. The hotel restaurant is not open at lunch time, but the little store had food and the prices were reasonable. If you can try to find a standard super market like Publix you can find way better food and goods at much better cost. I loved how there was an officer manning the front entrance at all times keeping unwanted vehicles out. They have a shuttle service to Disney and shopping which worked good for us. The room furniture was a bit beat up but the beds and bathroom were clean which was important to us. We had chosen the Clarion due to it's proximity to the Walt Disney World resort. Some other staff also seemed 'short' with questions, not very friendly. We chose the Clarion due to its closeness to the Magic Kingdom. Great check in clean room comfortable beds pools looks good like the restaurant I would go back, but be very clear to ask for what we need. The sheets were extremely worn and the bed was broken down and uncomfortable. I’d rather pay less for a room without an included breakfast but the price we paid should have included something, which it didn’t. The staff was nice and helpful, however the room was not very clean. I feel like repeat customers like myself deserve a special rate, because I come there all year round . I searched many hotel & this hotel had everything I was looking for. Thank you security staff you were amazing and very kind to my daughter and I! The bed sunk but did the job for one evening. These guys clearly cared about their jobs, the property and the guests! It's great location in Palm Parkway hotel and restaurant segment close to all Disney facilities and shopping, makes it second to within Disney compound hotel stay yet at attractive price for most vacationing families. Lots of hotels in the area have fees for parking or resort fees. When realized the error I was not released from the obligation or allowed to upgrade to the other property regardless of the best efforts of ORBITZ. Also, our room overlooked the parking lot: buses in and out all day and night. Will not return, save your money and stay at the other hotels in the area! Me, my wife, and my kids were at that hotel for a getaway weekend,  we loved it. Could not of been happier with this hotel, very clean very easy close to downtown Disney All things considered, I would definitely consider staying at this location again. If you are in town to visit world famous attractions and using Hotel for sleep, then this is a very good choice. The location is great for Disney, good for Universal and in an area that permits one to eat and shop at sensible prices. I am a repeat customer have stayed there over 10 times , I love the location  the staff at the front desk is very helpful accommodating and friendly. The dinner buffet was good, and the early bird price was great. I walked around the corner from our room and there was another elevator very close! Staff was very friendly at the front desk, we checked in late (at around midnight) and they were STILL friendly. So when we came back the key would not work. Even though the room faced out to a busy noisy highway, the room was absolutely silent and comfortable. Very  noisy from the interstate, and kids running in the walk way. If you decide to go to this hotel, make sure you ask for a room facing the parking lot which is in the opposite side of the “highway front” rooms. We had a room guaranteed for late arrival and requested that it be near an elevator. overlooked pool, lake and interstate 4. large hotel with a large parking lot. I haven't tried any of the facilities within this hotel. Other facilities include free Wi-Fi in rooms and public areas, kid’s playground, two swimming pools, 24-hour arcade, 24-hour front desk and a free shuttle service. The price of the hotel was well worth it though but the pricing on everything else was way to much to try and take advantage of tourists, the shops in the area are over priced. the rooms themselves were nice but the pillows were a little too soft. The transfer created a lengthy back and forth drive several times each day for us. We had to be moved due to an air conditioner malfunction. I initially chose this hotel for the price, but distance to the Convention Center was also important. Many buses of teens in and out, but they seemed well chaperoned and not noisy. Also, we were told the transfer was a free 'upgrade', however, The Rosen Inn @ Pointe Orlando was mediocre at best. When I checked in, their stated price was higher than the Travelocity quote, and so after 50 minutes on hold between the hotel and Travelosity, it did get straightened out. Also people on here were complaining about the pool temp!!! Had to stay in farthest corner away don't recommend for higher price can get better hotel At check-in I was given a map and unfortunately the clerk circled the wrong elevator. I loved how every officer was always making their rounds and making sure everything was safe. However, when I booked I asked for a kitchenette and was told I got one. The buffet was a great deal since kids under 9 eat free. Had shuttle to parks, only down side was there was only 1 drop off and pick up for Sea World and the time was not conducive to what we needed. We stayed for 3 days and 2 nights, the food was very poor and way over priced. ( The rep tried for me so no complaints with orbitz )  Nice low cost family hotel Positioned in the glorious state of Florida, the Clarion Inn Lake Buena Vista Hotel is a classy establishment, with Disney World close by.Orlando International Airport is just 11-miles away from the hotel. I feel bad to rate it at 3-star but still like to recommend it to friends. When I checked out from one room on the last day they checked me out from the room that the rest of my family had for one more night. Nice place, clean rooms, secure, did not try food but smelled good the towels were a little small but I'm a bigger person 6'4 280, the pool was nice and the splash pad was great for kids. FREE shuttle to the Disney & Universal Parks, FREE Wifi, FREE parking, NO resort fees, nice pool, play ground for the little kids and a little water park play area, restaurant in the hotel, gift shop & store in the hotel. There are two onsite restaurants as well as a grocery shop.The Boardwalk Buffet Restaurant serves breakfast and dinner.The Comfort Zone Bar and Grille offers such fast food delights as hamburgers and pizzas.The Lite Bite Mini Market/Deli offers snacks and drinks. My husband and I needed  A hotel for one night near Disney. This is 2018,,,,they can't have automated doors for people with strollers and wheelchairs? But note it stops at other hotels so give yourself plenty time. The highway side of the complex is noisy but the front is quiet. This hotel has 640 rooms.Each room has a microwave, fridge, air conditioning, coffee/tea maker, flat screen television with cable channels and are non-smoking. After dragging our suitcases around we found our room and it was the farthest you could possibly be from that elevator. Pool area very nice ( 2 heated pools and a splash area for kids). The hotel was fi e. Comparable in size and layout to my friend's room on Disney grounds. They didn't tell us about their loyalty program and we have stayed there many I mean many of times. I would classify this place as okay for one night but would seriously not want to stay again because of the outside entrances and condition around the hotel. It is convenient, but their web page is inaccurate - they do not offer a shuttle to either Disney Springs or the airport ( taxi to airport would be $55, so use Uber!). The CLARiiON had a really great price for one night so I booked it. Staff are good, carpet in the room is a bit worn out. The inside of the Clarion room was very nice and it was really clean. This is the third time I've stayed at the Clarion Lake Buena Vista in the past year. the outlets weren't well placed and loose so plugs fell out. Caters to family's and was the wrong Rose property than what I expected. However, the room had a unpleasant smell and the bathroom smelled like something wet had air dried. There was a ten dollar a person charge if you wanted breakfast. But, the room was very clean, beds were comfortable too. Pretty much every time we walked through that door (with a double stroller), there was no one present to ask for assistance. We only stayed here one night this trip,  but we've sent several days here in the past. Long lines for the breakfast buffet so I did not go. It must come from the cigarette smoking right outside our room which was exposed the the parking lot which made it look like a motel. The room was comfortable, with comfortable beds and a TV with cable. Just don't get a lake view room or you'll hear I-4 traffic all night. My children loved the pool with the warm water and the breakfast buffet was excellent. The room was very clean and spacious  but we were facing i-4 making it very loud and the bed was uncomfortable  and pillows are to lumpy So next time we will bring our own pillows I find the place to be excellent in every way----- comfortable beds, CLEAN rooms and an excellent breakfast buffet setup (not free, but well worth the ten-buck price-- haven't tried other meals). We visited one of the Disney parks, plenty of shopping area. Some items were a bit worn down, but I don't have anything else to complain about. There was a hair stuck in the hair- dryer and mold and some type of “build-up” in the shower head. I’m not calling it a hotel since the rooms all had outside entrances. The hotel clerk was rather rude about addressing it, as if booking through a third party was frowned upon. But the drive there was very easy only 3 miles also close to other parks. Upon arrival, we were transferred to a sister hotel 20 minutes away, The Rosen Inn @ Pointe Orlando. Hotel should be in 4-star class with some improvements like room carpet change, bed mattress, bath room remodel, small amenities like slipper so guests do not have to walk in bare feet on worn out dirty carpet. I had to leave one day prior due to work. Although the sound insulation was decent, we had to use our white noise phone app to mask the noise coming from the road. I would stay here again because of its proximity to everything. Water was not working in second room on our 3rd day there. Resort is a little worn but if you’re looking for a place to crash after the parks the location and nice firm mattresses make up for a lot.
Near the station which is why we chose it, no other reason I request and paid for a room with 2 beds. The bathroom had weird odor coming out of the drainage. Additionally, staff members can suggest other places to eat and drink nearby. Receptionist charged me for my stay on the check-in and they tried to do so on the check-out too. So close to Gare de Nord it’s literally across the street. The hotel is very rundown, the lift is slow and small. Thus hotel is okay as its in center of paris but its not how you see on the pic  Its okayish but nothing like how the pics discribes   I will tay again coz otx really convenat due to the location and i know its not 3star hitel The only decent thing was the staff they were friendly. Guests of the Timhotel Paris Gare du Nord can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning. No apologies given and I think they should work a bit more on customer service. But I find out there are more hotels which are nearby too and not listed in hotel.com. To not ever have to be stuck in Paris traffic is a total win! Rooms are air conditioned and have en suite accommodations with showers. I wouldn’t recommend to stay on the first floor because that’s where they store all of the linen in nylon bags; other than that hotel is okay Guests can get to the Gaumont Opera within a 10-minute drive. When I refused and showed them a transaction detail in my phone - they just said nothing and still charged my again. It is 3-6* degree weather the toilet feel like -2, can’t even shower properly due to the cold wall and uneven water temperature. The hotel offers a bicycle rental and a public Internet terminal. The only down part was the hairdryer clearly broken in my room. Hotel is located very conveniently next the Gare du Nord. The Timhotel Paris Gare du Nord is a three-star hotel that offers reasonably priced accommodations and easy access to public transit. They had good intention but the problem was the day before I had my hair wet and had to sleep with it like that. Next morning I told them I don't want to change my room. Less than three-and-a-half kilometres from the Louvre Museum, the property is less than six kilometres from the Stade de France. Had to keep the bathroom door close during the whole time to avoid the smell entering the room They said it will be fixed in two days time or they can change the room the next day. I would recommend the hotel because of it's location,very comfy mattresses and spotless cleanliness
I would however suggest placing a frying pan in the rooms as we wanted to fry hamburgers but had no way to. When we checked out the cleaning lady tried to say we took lids..bed was nice price was decent but a little crazy that the price went from $78 to $174 for Friday night with discount.. The hotel itself isn't super fancy, but it is functional, and the price wad nice! There are also a variety of restaurants within walking distance. Only downfalls was the elevator took forever and pool want open (but we kinda figured it would be). Included amenities are an outdoor pool and sundeck, guest laundry facilities, and free parking. I went in at noon to see if I could early check in because I was exhausted. The person that checked us in did an excellent job. This is the most terrible hotel I have ever been to. Even though it needs some updating and maintenance done, they could keep it cleaner. Kim is amazing and all of the cleaning staff were very friendly. the rooms are old and outdated for the money they charge - not worth it - no real front desk area or help- only plus was that it faces the beach - I asked for a ocean front room with balcony and got the lowest floor - no balcony and outside of room the grounds were old and dingy and dirty - this hotel was so not worth the money- I even checked out a day early and got a refund - I wish I never booked it - ruined my vacation Had dishes but not a complete (4) of everything; skillet a little worn. The hotel is located right in the heart of the main drag. This is our first time staying here in this hotel and we will definitely be back! I will definitely consider this hotel for my stay next year as it is convienetly located to shops and restaurants . The rooms were clean and I couldn't wait to show and get some rest. We stood in the hallway and waited for 20 minutes while they cleaned it. Bedroom was like a cave with only a small walkway between two beds and no windows. I had been up all night after leaving the Travelodge encountering a filthy and infested room due to bug bites in my head and body. Says it only hold a 20 people at one time. The beds were comfortable, the pullout sofa was as tolerable as you would expect. first night I got there the remote would not work with the tv didn't have the back part to cover batteries - front desk person said he had no other remote and to wait for morning! I couldn't take a show at the Travelodge because the tub was nasty and paint chips falling from the ceiling. It did have a shower but no mat so you were still stepping in sand. I was glad we brought a few kitchen stuff such as a colander since very basic kitchen items were provided. We arrived at midnight and I asked if we can do late checkout so we can make the most of our stay. Other than that my only complaint is we couldn't never get the elevator to work and since our room was on the third floor we had a lot of stairs to go up and down. The location was great for all of the entertainment and activities. The room was clean and efficient for what we needed. This beachfront two-star hotel features guest suites with private balconies and ocean views. The towel bars pulled down from the wall, came unanchored...the staff were friendly but it was like a facade--how could anyone be serious enough to support anyone staying in that hotel? The room did not look at all like pictures on the web site. The door was by the elevator and was often crowded with people in a small space. The hotel was reasonable and right on the ocean front. Found this hotel by chance after we checked out of our crack house hotel. Overall, if you dont plan on spending a lot of time in your room then its worth it. Don't ever spend yr money to get to this hotel. Overall it is nice to have the kitchen and living area with a separate bedroom. They don't appear to care even if you complain hundred times. Adequate for the price, worth every penny for the location! The location is terrific and the staff was nice, but that's about it. Its nice having two separate rooms and the kitchenette makes it so nice. It was right in the middle of the boardwalk and we enjoyed just watching everything especially the weekly fireworks that were directly in front of us. Staff does a great job considering the buildings age and being short staffed. The room was so clean and the ocean view was great! All of the staff was friendly and helpful, as soon as we got to our room the cleaning crew for that floor was asking if we needed anything extra and promptly brought them to us. then returns with 2 other remotes and found one that worked - next morning I asked cleaning lady to return in 30 min to clean so I could leave my room - she never came - room was not cleaned that night - next day she says the vacuum didn't work but she could sweep - if I wanted to- are u kidding me! My boyfriend and I picked this hotel to stay at based on location, price, and room features. Balconies should need a screen door, but over all loved it! They may have cleaned but it did not help with the dirty rugs and furniture. staff very friendly,plenty of parking oceanfront close to 24 th. Housekeeping did not clean our room the firts night and when I talked to the front desk about they lied. No oven in room and our phone never worked maintence didn't come until the day before we were leaving, terrible and dirty place! We were vacationing on a budget and was able to save quite a bit by cooking breakfast in our room. Bedsheets and blankets are not clean even on yr first day. Raquel the front desk manager was awesome, provided us with plenty information including the cancellation of many activities due to the storm heading towards va Beach. Hotel room small, beds very uncomfortable, only 1 very slow elevator. From pictures it had a lot of room enough for 5 people, lies! Vending machines provide snacks for guests at the Ocean Suites, while fully stocked kitchenettes provided cooking opportunities. Bedroom with queen bed was a little smaller than pictured. I decided to stay because I remember doing so in the past when I was with my parents. Thank you Ocean Suites for helping me to recover well from such a terrible ordeal. The beds were damp, the kitchen was leaking, there were ants . I was exhausted and had reserved my room the night before at ocean suites. The house keepers never came to clean or check on our room except for thw last day, we were gone but husband stayed back and said they never knock or announced themselves just walked in! I'm glad that i read previous reviews before booking to know what to expect. A kitchenette, living room with sofa bed, flat-screen television with a DVD player, clock radio, complimentary toiletries, hairdryer, in-room safe, and free Wi-Fi are included in the guestrooms at Ocean Suites. You don't spend much time in the , You are on vacation on the beach. We even cooked(pots, pans,  dishes and cookware included) and everything was just great. The room was clean, comfy and made the stay even better by feeling home-y with the kitchenette and bedroom. The rooms are nice, just wish they were a little wider. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area. Great staff and room had a great view of the ocean It is an absolute no, no if you you have kids. The location is perfect and the views are definitely the cherry on top. There is a Walgreens across the street which was very convenient. It was rated a 3.8  when I booked but it was more like a 2. it started out wrong because they tried to put us in a room in the basement which was not a very good room not at all what I was on line.but after I called you all they changed our room which was much better , and we really enjoyed our stay Room was ok.. the fan in bathroom didn't work asked for service to open safe in room no one ever came. The pool was enjoyable but wish extra towels were offered there. A couple downsides were the slow and small elevator and the entry to the beach was also tight. We were steps from the beach and we really liked the pool and the private hotel shower entrance from the beach so that we didn't get our room sandy. They don't clean yr room or do anything at all. When I first booked this hotel I was pretty skeptical reading the reviews from some of the other guests. We will probably stay here on future trips to the beach. Transport carts wouldn't fit thru the doorway,  nice amenities,  very little dining space accommodations. I never do reviews  in fact this is the first review of ever done I have stayed in Virginia Beach probably 25 to 30 weeks in the last 15 years of all the places I have stayed this hotel was not up to par the staff was trying very hard but ownership didn't give them the tools to work with for the accommodations they were offering was disheartened with Hotel Hotel is due for an update but for the cost, it was a great location. But able to cook quick breakfast before hitting the beach. Kim was great at front desk as we arrived super early and were go to go in our room to settle and go enjoy the beach early. There were pots but no skillet we asked for one and got another saucepan. The WiFi code the front desk gave us never worked, even after we went back and told him it wasn’t working. The smell in room was terrible and it was dirty looking. We still manage to have a great time even with the storm. Minor improvement like all local TV channels & espn,sliding doors rattling from wind,still overall good little hotel The only thing I would say was kind of a hindrance but not really an issue was parking(can get kind of tight), and also having just one elevator sometimes took a while to show but overall still a good stay for the price. High security, card access to beach access & 2nd floor elevator & stairwell! The staff was nice but they did not have our room ready. The private balcony was small(others around didn't seem to have any larger either) but offered spectacular views of the beach, ocean, and boardwalk. They only provide one parking space, so my daughter parked there and I parked 7 blocks away, which cost me $60 for 4 days. The hotel was a little dated but the staff and cleanliness of the room made up for it. We tole the hotel  people and they told us they will fix it. However the pool was closed which was not stated when booked. Hotel is a bit smaller and more dated than some of the surrounding hotels. The kitchen was nice but had no pans, only pots. We stayed in a suite with 2 double beds on the 6th floor of 8. Our family of 5 stayed for 3 nights and struggled to share space. Located on the Virginia Beach boardwalk just steps from the beach in the world, this hotel is within easy walking distance of shops, restaurants, and night clubs. The office was in a corner off the parking garage and small. Passage way from hotel to beach had liter on the floor. I must say the balcony was the cherry on top! Elevator was out of service and to top it off they had fresh paint on the stairways while the elevator was down. We had a few room issues, but staff were quick to remedy and were very friendly. All staff we encountered during our stay were polite and helpful. I didn't like it at all they didn't change my  bedroom sheets at all I stayed for six days on the same sheets Our room was very satisfactory with a great view of the ocean. For the price and location on the beach it was manageable, I did notice and report a safety issue with no lock on the sliding glass door ( we were on the 4th floor with a toddler in the room) they never sent maintenance up, I also advised them of it again on check out, they said it would be a winter maintenance fix. Then they said they will refill towels and take the garbage out and they didn't do it. Nearby attractions include the Old Coast Guard Station Museum, the Naval Aviation Monument Park, and Jungle Golf of Virginia Beach. The microwave didn't work well, the fridge difficult to keep closed all the way and it hummed loudly, no oven, only four of all utensils and cups and plastic glasses, no knife, only 2 stools at a small, high bar. Rooms were a little on the small side, but staff and location were EXCELLENT. They allowed me to check in early and were extremely accommodating. The kitchen had basic supplies for 4 including  pots for cooking. I will consider booking with you from now on during my Virginia Beach stays!
I'm not happy to have paid for this place especially since it was non refundable. The room was tiny and really difficult for 4 people to maneuver around each other. Room seemed a bit dirty and unkept but at least the bedsheets were clean. It would be great if they provided a shuttle To the theme parks but since we had a rental car we were fine. So I was charged twice for the room and twice for deposit. We arrived at 3pm for a company private party at Disneyland. The nearness to Knotts Berry Farm and other hotel properties made the area feel very safe. Our family is on the go all day everyday of vacation. The location was convenient to several freeways and major roads. Another guest allowed his car alarm to go off for hours (8+ times) and we notified the desk staff. This is an older motel and you can hear every footstep from the room above as well as people walking past your room. Specifically we reserved 2 rooms WITH the additional couch fold out. The hotel staff werevery friendly and  attentive and helpful. I was charged twice for my room and had to spend half my vacation talking to my bank to get it resolved so that wasn’t great. The only thing that was nice was the staff & continental breakfast choices. I called and requested 3 times for rooms joined together. Short distance to Disneyland, Knott's and Medieval Times, close to Freeways. They had a container in the refrigerator and expected people to share. This is our go-to hotel when we're in the Anaheim area. Trash everywhere, elevator filthy, WiFi didn’t work, tv didn’t work and the toilet didn’t flush. We are a family of four in a room with two queen beds but there was only two towels in the room. Both rooms we were reassigned to did have the fold out couches. The guys at the front desk were a little impatient as our card declined and we had to call the bank to figure out what was wrong. Price was the best we could find near Disneyland so we didn’t mind the shortcomings. Lots of room...just that everything was dated and in need of updating. However, the door to my room was broken and as a result was very hard to open. Would not recommend -don't make the mistake of just booking without referring to other reviews The breakfast had a variety of items and the attendant insured items were well stocked as needed. The room was spacious but sooo stuffy/hot and not well ventilated. When I went to report this to the front desk, they didn't believe me. Love how breakfast ends at 10am I’m not a morning person so that helped The biggest issue I had was and Admin at the front desk telling me that you cannot reserve rooms with a fold out couch, which I did on this site. best hotel in entire 9 day trip w/ all the facilities you expect. Overall, we were satisfied with our stay and will visit again in the future. Nice staffs and clean room, comfortable beds with large bathtub ! The bathroom was ok, there were rings of mold around the jets in the tub and the shower head was incredibly low. The breakfast was sufficient but daily variations on pastries, bagels would have been nice. What the hell is wrong with travelocity to give a place like this a good  rating. We had to request and then personally get more towels from the front desk... an inconvenience after a long day of travel. The AC didn't help much and neither did leaving our door and window to the room open. I'm not a small person, and I basically had to ram my way into the room. It was ok the bed is firm not comfy but sleepable. Central to Disneyland and Universal Studios, so if you are planning in spending an almost equal amount of time at both, this is at least worth considering. The person at the breakfast it is watching people and stop people take banana and fruit. They couldn't even afford to provide individual peanut butter or butter. The room was so small there were many noticeable damages in bathroom, on doors, room was stuffy,muggy  the Hallways look like they are about to crack under you. We left the private party at 1am, so we slept in late and missed the free breakfast. The free breakfast was really nice and plenty of it. Please do not stay at this place there were roaches quality around everywhere my husband has a video tape We had a microwave and fridge as promised and a brand new flatscreen. We felt safe there and it was close to eating spots and shopping as well as there parks. Well if you don't mind hookers and drug dealers this is the place for you. Though I will say the maids were nice and did as good of a job as anyone could do with the rooms. The hotel is on the main road to Huntington Beach, south of Knott's Berry Farm. In my experience, they were well past the age at which they should have known better. When we did arrive and got our room keys, we unloaded and went to the rooms. Love the high pressure shower water flow, it's like you are being massaged. And the ladies who clean the kitchen are so rude that they are watching if anyone will take their spread chease bottle. We were given a room on the first floor, room 108 and were afraid of the noise at night or of any rowdy people, but that wasn't the case at all. They didn't have any variety besides cereal and toast, other than that it is diffinetly worth the price. Spoke to the manager who said it would be resolved quick and it hasn't been resolved. Close enough to Disneyland and Knotts Berry Farm was a stones throw away. When I checked in, the front desk staff was very friendly. The only thing about my stay my room window faced towards the street  and lots of noise The front desk staff seemed to think this was what I should expect for an old hotel. There is no one to tell them to mind their manners because they have none. Trash everywhere, elevator filthy, WiFi, tv didn’t work and the toilet didn’t flush. Overall, this hotel meet our needs for a safe and clean place to crash. Overall a nice place to stay and would do again It was relatively quiet and clean, and the breakfast was simple but enough. The room was clean, but it smelled like urine and we had to go buy an air freshener to get us though the vacation. The room was comfortable, though it had a few minor maintenance issues. Nice hotel , but did not like extra charge for parking our car. Large room with nice contents in good condition was unexpected for the price. The bath tube needs to be upgraded it look really and we just didn’t even want to use it. I went back to the front desk and almost had to leave which would have ruined the whole trip for my family. Otherwise, the hotel staff is as attentive as any I have seen. Good comfortable beds, room kept clean, the breakfast was a bit lean...no protein. We have been married 19 years and have 7 kids. The hotel was easy to find very clean staff was very friendly complimentary breakfast was great for the kids and kept us going all day there was a few bad seed on the outside of the streets of the hotel but pretty safe limited parking hotel room was very clean Maids were very friendly hotel clerks were also friendly the only bad thing about this room is the lighting if you're there trying to do makeup it's going to look horrible bring an extra light or perponal mirror to move around but I would definitely stay there again I actually have the room booked for a few more weeks out The man who greeted us was kind of quiet but very polite. We usually take a quick dip in a pool but this pool didn't look very clear/clean so we didn't swim. The staff was helpful and the room was clean and comfortable. I recommend this hotel, the price is good the staff is excellent and the room was nice and clean. I was promised a discount because of the door issue, but it never materialized. Super close to knotts Berry farm, medieval times, & pirate adventure dinner show! Check in was fast and easy and hotel staff was nice. The bathrooms were not fancy, but okay condition and clean. A bit of refurbishing would make the room very nice. I like this hotel for the location and would recommend this hotel to everyone. This hotel was only a place to sleep for us. We found it to be comfortable, clean and yes everything worked. Was okay, it was a great deal, nice having the insuite kitchen. Although the tv only had one channel the service and housekeeping was excellent. The front desk Admins after a several minutes did switch us rooms. That being said, the staff was very friendly, the parking was plentiful and it was close to everything! One of them walked up and was able to open the door and explained that it would stick. Not the worse hotel my family has stayed at, but not one we'd stay at again. Two guys were smoking pot with pipes right in the open in a high traffic area where children were present. Good value and worth the budget hunting in the area The staff was horrible very from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out. The hotel was in a good area, easy to reach. They were so comfy and the pillows were amazing also. Arrived at the hotel an hour early and was able to check in, front desk staff were very friendly. My stay was wonderful worth what I paid for and the service was excellent. Not one of the better Days Inns we’ve stayed at. Otherwise, the hotel was clean, the bed was comfortable, the water was hot, and the breakfast was free. this was our first family trip ever and chose Disneyland, Sea World, Universal Studios and a few days at Huntington Beach. We make this trip yearly and we're going to make sure to stay at this Ramada from now on. Everything is accessible, but the hotel is such a bargain it is quite enticing to bus tours. Hotel was dirty, some lights didn’t work, shower leaked, found hair in the bed when we arrived The breakfasts were good, and the make-your-own waffles were a major hit with the kids. But we were charged twice for our room, did not have the extra money we needed because it was on hold at our bank. Unfortunately it was near the elevator and ice machine so it was very noisy and you could hear every little sound from upstairs. The hotel pool was open but not the hot tub and the elevator did not work, our room was on the 3rd floor and with luggage it was a little tiresome. Food establishments were within easy driving distances, but not walking distances. This Ramada is in the middle of the red light district. All in all, it was decent for the price and was only 10 minutes from Disneyland and 5 minutes from Knott’s Berry, and the staff was nice but not very helpful. When there is no hot food, it is customary to call it a continental breakfast. I've stayed at other Days Inn locations and the condition of the hotel had been way better. Be prepared for some of the rudest Asians you'll ever meet, particularly at the breakfast bar. The next morning, the day shift guy was more sympathetic to my plight and changed my room to one on the ground floor with a door that worked.
We love the gym, Movie room and library in the building. Only small disadvantage is that there was no stairs to walk up - only emergency stairs to walk down. We did require more towels than were left for us (but we got in late each night so never called to request them). Great stay and fabulous location just next to MGH if you are there for business. The first two times were in the middle of the night and gave us quite a scare. The only downside is being so close to the hospital....it had a helicopter land pad on the roof which was used three times during our stay to fly in patients.
Hotel is not s 4 star property it feels like a 3 star hotel. We were particularly impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel. We also ordered a bottle of wine which was brought up to us very warm and the ice machine was broken. That was about the only positive experience regarding this hotel. The food order was incorrect even though room service repeated the order to us. The covered access door to the parking structure was closed without notice to guests on the rainiest day we were there. The rooms were very dusty and not much care is paid attention beyond changing the lines and quick clean up. If you just need to sleep and shower, this is not to bad a place to stay but I wouldn't book it for much more than that. It also had a nice pool area bar and cafe. We've stayed at lower priced hotels with larger bathrooms and tubs. Walls were cement gray, as if it was an old apartment complex. The only one small issue was the rain shower showerhead that did not have an adjustable feature. We've been staying at this hotel for the past ten years for an annual convention. The rooms are large and comfortable with a huge TV, lots of outlets for charging devices and good lighting. We called the front desk and they sent a repair man. She had 15-18 customers laughing and really engaged in a fun happy hour. The Broward Center for the Performing Arts can be reached through an eight-minute drive. All of our needs were met and exceeded, and we could not have been happier! I enjoyed coming back to the comforts of the hotel and my room. We arrived on a Wednesday to a friendly staff, clean hotel and best of all, the Renaissance had opened the doors to the many hard working teams who were restoring electricity to Fort Lauderdale. It was only later that I realized the room was handicap when my sister told me to look for a second peep hole, to which it ended up having. Staff were friendly and helpful and the room was emaculate and comfortable and we would highly recommend this hotel. We only spent on night as it was a stop over prior to embarking on a cruise and the description of this particular hotel's location and reviews by others who had stayed there for the same reason influenced my decision. Just staying one night on a stop over,so far everything seems very nice-----would stay again We held our pre-cruise party for the Panama Canal at the hotel (and I stayed there). My daughter had a fever and was exhausted and needed to go to bed, and the hotel staff managed to find an available room for us even though it wasn't check-in time yet. The area offers many restaurants with various price options (from fast food to fine dining) within a short walking distance. The front staff were great and got us into a room and fixed the issue and were very opplogetic of their slow website since we were a late check in. Renaissance Fort Lauderdale Cruise Port is less than a kilometer from the Harbor Beach. It might of been because of the off season, but the hotel didn't seem like it was well kept up. I would go back and stay there as a tourist to the area if I wasn't cruising. There was mildew in the bathroom and all my linens had a musty odor to them like the washing machines needed to be cleaned. I stayed at this hotel and the Hilton next door also. I felt it was overpriced based on the condition of the hotel. The room was dusty, The towels were like Brillo pads. The location is beyond excellent, the pool is good, the room is good and I am very happy with the staff - we arrived at noon after my husband, my daughter (age 5) and myself had been up travelling since 3 am. We did not ask for the room change but they insisted. We stayed at the Renaissance Cruise Port Hotel in Fort Lauderdale prior to leaving on a Caribbean cruise. We were moved to another room immediately upon informing the staff that housekeeping and left dirty linens on the bathroom floor apparently while cleaning. Both were nice, chain hotels but the Renaissance had a better coffee shop, breakfast restaurant and lobby lounge area. Driving to more interesting cities takes about 20-30 minutes unless you are in rush hour traffic. This location is right next to the cruise ship harbor so the other guests are obnoxious. When the car was brought to me in the morning it was covered in bird droppings. Rooms are small and you can hear outside noise as if it's in the room. We were able to have breakfast onsite and we were able to arrange a shuttle ride to the cruise port. All of the modern rooms feature triple-sheeted beds, down comforters, and private bathrooms with marble vanities. We paid a fairly high price and did get our money’s worth. Any time we want to plan such an event in the future, it will definitely be at the Renaissance. I need a place near the airport to come back to at the end of my day after visiting my family. This hotel is expensive but we will stay here from now on prior to departing on a cruise. This four-star upscale and business hotel is just across a convention center, and a five-minute drive to the Port Everglades cruise-ship terminal. It was disappointing because we stay at Renassance hotels all the time in other cities. I called the front desk to ask if we were in a unrenoated part of the hotel and they told us no. Nestled next to the Intracoastal Waterway in Fort Lauderdale, Renaissance Fort Lauderdale Cruise Port is perfect for a relaxing and refreshing stay. In addition, each has a flat-screen TV, work desk, mini-fridge, and a coffeemaker. Bistro 17, the hotel's signature restaurant, serves modern American dishes. The internet indicates you have to pay but you can avoid this by providing your Mariott Rewards number or, if you don't have one, signing up for one while checking in. The staff was very nice and accommodating exspecially when we flew in and were told the website had booked our day incorrectly, so our room was booked for the day we were checking out to cruise. This is an excellent hotel very close to both the airport and the cruise port. The lobby was lovely with lots of seating, various options for food and drink. The young lady that brought the food up was extremely rude and rushed us. We flew in from Texas and had checked to make certain they were operable after the electricity outage from Irma. Spend overnight & next morning at hotel before leaving for cruise port. The Hilton has a far better view and proximity to the marina. I am so grateful they went the extra mile for us. The staff was very helpful and well trained to provide above and beyond their initial duties to make each guess feel totally welcome. The hotel was gorgeous and very clean and convient to the cruise port. I spent 3 nights, during which I spent time with my cousin (who stayed in room 315) and my 96 year old Aunt residing in Boynton Beach. The location was excellent, close to shops and restaurants and had its own restaurant and bar. The water pressure was so strong, I couldn't put my face under the water without poking out my eyes. When our room was a little late in being available for check-in the desk clerk upgraded us to a large suite at no charge! We will stay here again, as we have had many good experiences. Independent shuttle to Ship for around $6 paid to driver. When we checked out, we mentioned it again,so they could fix it for the next guest. There was a private shuttle which serviced the hotel ($6 US per person) to the Cruise Port. bed was very comfortable and room temp could be adjusted which is a bonus these days. The hotel boasts a heated swimming pool surrounded by cabanas, spa tub, and a business center. We could not obtain dinner on the premises but there was an upscale restaurant within walking distance. The pool/hot tub area is nice with lots of comfortable seating, including beds with curtains. Moreover, 13 meeting rooms and a parking area are found on-site. Furthermore, the R Lounge is an indoor poolside restaurant offering local cuisine. Unfortunately this time our room had an issue with the air conditioning unit making a high pitched noise . The location for this is terrific as the airport is really close. Had to pay an unexpected cost of $30.00 to park my rental car overnight. Great location, friendly staff, recommend to stay pre-cruise, nice pool to relax!! The entry way floor is uneven and dangerous to walk across. It's close enough to walk, parking at the hotel is safe and easy, staff is welcoming and helpful, rooms are clean. You can stay at a Howard Johnsons to save money because the quality will be no different. The TV included the option to log in to Netflix as well as a good selection of HD TV Channels. From the Bell Staff to the Front Desk and Restaurant, we couldn't have asked for better service from a competent and friendly staff. had a lot of restaurants and drug stores around hotel for you to get all you need.
I go back and forth to California and this is my favorite one. Was a very nice stay, good breakfast, clean room and very convient location to some great stores and restaurants, and the highway. Amenities in the hotel rooms include flat-screen TVs, premium cable, and complimentary Wi-Fi. Got stuck in traffic to add to it and missed the shows we were trying to watch. On the negative side is close proximity to the 91 Freeway, which makes the environment loud inside and outside the rooms. The location is very good, safe and everything you need is around you. Bad tube clogged can’t use and even fixed still clogged up Breakfast was decent, although the turkey sausage wasn't too great. Had a Seminar, in Yorba Linda ,did not want to drive back to Studio City every day. Rooms are very inviting and comfortable we find this location is excellent for our needs. I got locked out my room and when i told the staff about she first issued me new keys and when i told her they didnt work again she told me that i cant get in because im not doing it it right. I enjoyed the freedom and relax environment of all tenants. On the plus side is walking-distance access to several restaurants and shops. I arrived early hoping to be able to check in a little earlier.. they said there was absolutely nothing available.. Our friends picked us up and dropped us off so I can't rate the parking We frequently stay at the Marriott Fairmont Inn at Anaheim Hills because of the convenient location, accommodations, friendly hotel staff, morning breakfast, other restaurants and stores within walking distance, freeway just minutes away, etc. Area felt safe and was tucked in at the end of a street behind a local shopping plaza. We had to drive around in the shopping center until we happened on a way into the hotel's grounds. it was an awesome experience, the rooms were clean and smell good, not like old carpet. My cable didn’t work, my latch lock was broken and they had to fix it... they did get the cable going but just surprised overall... in the end it was ok The hotel doors open to outside which reduces security, particularly if you need to use vending machine late night. Very loud given the location right on the highway, traffic never really dies down. We were there for a birthday party, not for Disney so I can't rate that part. I had to argue with them for about an hour to get them to send someone to change the battery on the key reader. The breakfast set up is a bit strange, but there are great restaurants closeby! So if you're a light sleeper make sure you request a room on the non-highway side or just stay somewhere else! Nice hotel to stay at but staff wasnt too helpfull. We stayed here two nights as we were in town to visit family. I immediately got up and asked for a room as I was waiting there for so long.. another is cleaning people took lots of spare change we had at the room while we were gone. I needed accessible accommodations and the staff at Fairfield Inn made sure everything I needed was available. Once the guy saw that the door wasnt working he called the office and told me they would issue me another room and i would get my things the next day. Set beside Route 91, the Fairfield Inn Anaheim Hills Orange County is located adjacent to the Canyon Plaza shopping center and within three miles of Yorba Regional Park. it has a tiny little smell of stagnant air, but ac works fine. The driveway for the hotel is unmarked in a shopping center. It was horrible....front desk ppl didnt know what they were doing...my rooms were booked AND PAID FOR though Hotels.com but my card was charged as if i was paying for the rooms....i was aware of the incidental hold BUT they charged me $40, $40, $150, $130.....all in one day...I spoke to Manager Janell she said she would give me a credit for one night on Hotels.com....well its been a month and still havent received it....when I spoke to Robert the main Manager he said he didnt know why it was offered and i should request it through Hotels.com....just horrible, horrible, horrible customer service....I will NEVER book any rooms there again! This hotel is fairly close to everything but far enough away to be relaxing. nice staff clean room...only thing is i booked a king and they gave double beds because they over booked kings If I were to stay here again I would want a room on the other side of the building to get away from the highway noise. After I was waiting for so long.. little did they know we were together (seperate rooms, all paid for per reservation). The Fairfield Inn Anaheim Hills Orange County features a 24-hour front desk, guest laundry equipment, an exercise room, and a hot tub. The breakfast would have been nice if it had been warm. The hotel rooms themselves are clean, but the location and overall quality of the hotel is a 3 / 5. Bed was so comfortable.. that's almost all I can remember. The two queen room was so small you could hardly walk between desk & beds. Staff very friendly & pleasant, from front desk to housekeeping. This place is really great to stay at with a shopping center right behind the hotel with so many shops. The place was clean, the staff was friendly and the breakfast was good. I would have rated it perfect if it wasn't for two minor details... one, being.. The hotel features a business center and an outdoor pool. The breakfast was extensive and there was something for both me and my gluten sensitive daughter. It seemed comfortable at first, but we both woke up the next morning with pains in our backs and necks. The hotel.in general was nice just had a bad expierence with my room and the staff. The hotel staff was amazing, they helped us out, finding a room for an unexpected extra night we needed to stay and were nothing but kind and accommodating. We wanted a king with a sofa bed, and just got a king. Bed was comfortable for the first night or 2, then started to feel a little unsupportive, not sure why. I'll wait until there is one available.. sat in the porch.. waiting for 2 hours.. (also waiting for friends who were also checking in at the same hotel.. my friends show up and they get a room immediately!!!! Went to front desk asked for a blanket they gave us a sheet, went and asked for a blanket  again they said they would bring one they never did. To get to the lobby we had to go outside to the previously mentioned walkway. Me and my family took a trip to disneyland and stayed here based off the reviews. I shouldnt have to argue to get my room open because they didnt care. Rooms were great.... Food at breakfast not so much.... everything from green bananas, waffles turned out awful, sausage microwaved no brown color..... eggs also microwaved and very rubbery. I was locked out of my room with all my things in the room including disneyland tickets. Our room was on the side of the hotel next to the 91 freeway. We were there with other family members and requested rooms close to each other. Check in and out was really quick with no issues. So she sent someone to help me out as if i was that dumb that i didnt know how to use the door. The breakfast included many non carb choices which was a bonus. Restaurants in the area include Reunion Kitchen and Drink and Romano’s Macaroni Grill. I would recommend everyone to stay there to save money and get a nice stay. Good location for business and has a variety of restaurants nearby. The hotel staff was very nice - friendly and professional. Comfortable, although there was some freeway noise in my room at night. Guests are provided with a free buffet breakfast on each morning of their stay. (Not mad, just upsetting)  Although, the hotel was okay.. really good breakfast. This is my second time to stay in this hotel and as usual the staff are awesome and very helpful. Had fun being a tourist but experiencing Anaheim like a local. On thing that this hotel needs is better room TVs they are really small and dim so you can’t really see it looks real dark but everything else was great Good Price, with Breackfast and close to a lot of places to eat. The hotel lies within four miles of the Richard Nixon Library, within 15 miles of Disneyland, Knott’s Berry Farm, and the Outlets at Orange, and 23 miles from Newport Beach Pier. I don’t usually have trouble sleeping but the beds were so hard & pillows too soft.
The bathrooms look lovely but due to bad design water leaks out of shower and all over the marble floor. We had a little trouble checking in, first the room type was incorrect and then there was some construction noise nearby that caused us to have to change rooms. The service at the bar was horrible and incredibly unfriendly, we felt like we were interrupting their break by asking for a coffee. The air-conditioned rooms and suites are elegantly decorated and equipped with thoughtful amenities like plush beds, fine linens and flat-screen TVs. I have stayed at many Fairmont hotels all over the US, this one is very disappointing. The lounge is impressive with a 30m high ceiling and large windows. It's undergoing renovation, but the works are not visible and do not affect the experience. Located on the famous Avenida Diagonal, and nestled amidst manicured gardens and tall palm trees, Fairmont Rey Juan Carlos I is a world-class hotel with a unique urban vibe and luxury feel. Business travellers will be pleased to find state-of-the-art business facilities and a well-equipped gym, great to work off the day's stress. Kudos to the Concierge - advice is helpful and correct! They did everything right    when cruising I travel with Regent seven seas in this hotel maids there very high standard Only downfall is that is not close to the center of Barcelona but is not that far away Room service was excellent, prompt, and the food was wonderful. Location is out of the city center but a quick ride on the metro which is just outside the hotel. We booked the hotel mainly because of the distance to Camp Nou. FC Barcelona Museum, located right by famous Camp Nou Stadium, is about a five-minute drive away. Service is impeccable and what you would expect from a Fairmount Hotel. The experience at the Fairmont in Barcelona was quite exceptional. I understand 4 to 5 times mark up but this is ridiculous. There is construction going on in the middle of the afternoon - which we were not informed about prior to our stay - I have meetings some days at 2 or 3 am for work and want to sleep in but can't because of the construction and constant slamming of the doors from guest leaving. The gym is in an adjacent building and very well equipped. The terrace restaurant is a very nice place to enjoy a cup of coffee and spend the afternoon soaking up the barcelona weather. Hotel Staff it’s always nice and willing to help in everything (thanks Randall) The lobby lounge it’s great for a drink or dinner! Lots of extra special touches to the room, (robes, wine glasses, bottle opener) that made our overnight even more enjoyable. Perfect hotel - location was not ideal - far from shopping and restaurants. Spanish cuisine is served in the stylish lobby, a buffet and a la carte menu is available for breakfast in Market Restaurant, and The Terrace is ideal for snacks and drinks in summer. We enjoyed the comfort of the bed and the hotel compound. The hotel it’s a real 5 star, breakfast buffet it’s outstanding. The food is well presented and service is appropriate for this type of hotel. The new room had a small leak in the bathroom coming from room above, and again it was promptly taken care of and we had no further problems. Located close to the football stadium and not very close to the center of town. Two huge outdoor pools with sun loungers ensure that visitors can relax and soak up the sun all day. A can of pop is 6 euros, but if you go to their spa there is a vending machine that sells it for 1.1 euro, even better the market place sells it for .35. DJ music in lounge at night to pick me up Loved this hotel but a little far away from the center. There are no dining options near by, might explain the crazy prices, Nothing but the hotel restaurants or conference food to eat without walking 15 minutes (or 2 metro stops), but still a fantastic place. To put it lightlt i couldve moved rooms twice over 6 days. It’s 2 blocks away from the Metro station and if you rent a car it’s right next to the highway, and there’s free parking outside the hotel also. The location is perfect, close to Camp Nou (walking distance) and a very big mall (L’illa). Great location, close to FC Barcelona, and very nice stay. The room service pricing is insane (yes I know Fairmont tends to be expensive), but normally you have a bar option that is reasonable and then a finer dining option. The experience was outstanding very beautiful very clean I would give them 5 food is very delicious We had a lot of questions and requests and they were able to answer/fulfill them all. Upscale suites add hot tubs, with some even including grand piano's and awe-inspiring views. We had four room for 8 night family gathering . I stayed in one of the rooms that had not been refurbished yet and it was still good. Staff were excellent, easy to drop our bags when we arrived early and got us into a room as soon as they could. Great hotel in the way of bygone days ,with attention to every detail and the ability to solve almost any problems at any time,on any day.Truly.a jewel of the hospitality industry. No good restaurants or eateries close by, but convenient to subway.
I would rather consider this place as a motel not hotel. Hotel is in a perfect location and a short walk to the river, The Louvre, Notre Dame and lots of other thing to see. Good location, Quirky hotel,small rooms, tight elevator, and most Americans would not appreciate this style of hotel. Great experience - the hotel was in a great position for all the things we had planned to do. I've stayed at this hotel over a period of 30 years and it has gotten better over that time. The beds were very comfortable and we slept perfectly (maybe aided by all the walking around the city which I’d highly recommend rather than the metro where you miss so much). We LOVED the hotel and would recommend it for those on a budget seeking a true Parisian experience. Breakfast is available but we just got food at bakeries. To stay at the Welcome hotel, you should be expecting that you want a place just to sleep and shower. Parisian breakfasts are served daily in the breakfast room, terrace or in guest rooms, and a huge range of dining possibilities are mere minutes away. Welcome is less than a mile away from Notre Dame Cathedral and the Louvre Museum. The metro & buses are within a five minute walk. Lots of stores, restaurants and a cinema in very close proximity. My only negative experience is the hotel maid doesn't change pillowcases/sheets unless it's requested. It's winter so we were able to shut the windows but in summer, you wouldn't be able to, so it would be quite loud. All 29 rooms in this hotel come with air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, a TV with satellite channels, a safe, direct-dial telephone and a private bathroom. Very large people may have some trouble in the bathroom and elevator. At night, the area is very lively so there is a lot of noise. The view is was what I would expect Paris to look like. My friend and I shared a twin room for 8 days. It is a little noisy if you get a room facing the street - but I had no problems sleeping. It was central and the majority of places that you would like to visit in Paris are walkable. To top off everything the staff o men the front desk were incredibly helpful, interested in what we had been doing and suggested things the might want to see. The housekeeping staff did a great job of cleaning room and supplying fresh towels daily. near countless restaurants and cafes .so there seems to be a lot of people around even late at night. We had an great night staying at the Welcome Hotel. This is a small hotel ideally situated close to most of the major attractions with a great selection of shops and places to eat within minutes. It's located in the heart of the St.Germain de Près so there are great bakeries and restaurants and shops within a 5 minute walk. Tour and ticket booking assistance is available, in addition to a 24-hour reception. But the place needs major renovation in terms of paint, bathrooms and furniture. Even so, had we not brought our iPod brown noise app and speakers to cut the street noise while sleeping, all the mopeds and sirens might have disturbed our sleep. Staff were friendly and we able to accommodate looking after our luggage after checking out. The rooms aren’t huge and they don’t have every last luxury but this hotel has character and charm and everything we needed. Great location close to cafes and shops and main tourist sites. This was my first trip back to Paris in about 20 years, I will not be leaving it so long next time and I already know where I want to stay... the Welcome Hotel. Staff all speak English as well as French and some other languages as well. It is within walking distance of the Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, and Notre Dame. Koert was very friendly and considerate especially when he realised that we had traveled the past 24 hours to ensure we had a great stay. Our 4th floor room was fairly quiet once double-glazed windows were closed. We enjoyed our 5 nights at the Welcome Hotel and would stay there again. Hotel is very basic so as long as you aren't wanting to spend any time there you will be fine. If you are looking for a small, quiet hotel in a great location we would recommend the Welcome Hotel. The rooms and showers are small but that is to be expected. St Germain is a beautiful area so would highly recommend. This is a wonderful little hotel in the middle of a bustling St. Germain. We only got to stay for two days as we dashed around the city but we had a great time here. If you want to be in the center of night life in Paris and you just use the hotel to sleep than this hotel is your choice without breaking the bank . The location is wonderful but if you want a good night of sleep it may not be the place for you. The room was too small and the bathroom was ridiculous. Be aware that the corner of Rue de Seine and St. Germain is inherently noisy. rooms aren't big by north american standards but clean .had a view of eiffel tower which was nice when lit up. Guests can reach the Seine River and Pont Neuf, Fontaine Saint-Michel, and Le Jardin du Luxembourg in less than ten minutes on foot. Hotel has tables in front that are perfect for picnicking and people-watching. Welcome is a 2-star hotel in Paris’ Saint-Germain-des-Prés district, just a few minutes’ walk from Église de Saint Germain des Prés church, the shopping of Boulevard St Germain and Musée national Eugène Delacroix. A nice grocery store 50 feet away has all you need clean and great staff. I liked the traditional wood furniture even though drawer and hanging space was limited. My room was at the last floor (6) and when you come out of the elevator the common place (hallway) between rooms feels like an oven from all the sun light during the day. Whilst I had my do not disturb sign on my door all day - explicitly not wanting anyone to step into my room, I came back to find that someone picked the garbage and replaced the towels despite the do not disturb sign. Thank you to all at the Welcome Hotel for helping to make our first visit to Paris so wonderful. Be aware that traditional budget hotels in Paris have tiny elevators, cozy rooms, and retrofitted bathrooms which can be cramped and oddly shaped. Now that it has A/C in the rooms it is the perfect, inexpensive hotel if you want to be in the heart of the action in a great Paris neighbourhood - St. Germain de Pres. Perfect little place to stay if you want to be able to walk around Paris.
The location was nice although, it was a distance from Rome City but it was accessible to transportation. Staff were friendly they allowed us to check in early after a long flight. The breakfast could be a little bit better but this was not a deal breaker for me. Guests can enjoy time outside on the hotel's tennis court, while their little ones are safe in the capable hands of the hotel's nannies, which are available under request, for a fee. The manager took us in the back service elevator to a new room and told us we would not be charged. I just wish the jacuzzi was warmer and it could be cleaner. She out and out lied to us, we were charged. We slept with the lights on and never opened our suitcases. Local points of interest include the Saint Peter's Basilica and Vatican Museums, which are each within a five kilometre car journey from the hotel. Good overall location '-- we walked to grocery store, just 10 minutes away for last minute items. There is a great garden or park area near by, but you have to deal with no sidewalk for a bit before getting to it. I Really enjoyed the location of the hotel, It was a bit in the suburbs but it was easy getting to the Vatican and the city using the shuttle at the hotel, Shuttle ran during the day and at night. Hotel had a spa and pool which was a plus. Liked the Hotel--it's about a 20 euro cab drive especially if you go early morning or late afternoon. Everything except the Air condition was great at this hotel. Hotel had a shuttle, bus stop was in front of the hotel, cabs were available 24/7. We were right next to the elevators and the air conditioning wasn't that good so we had to ask for a fan. Which was nice since the people around Rome are on the rude side. The tile next to the toilet had urine splash stains on it from the previous guests. The cover to the handle of the bathroom faucet was missing. Breakfast was satisfying and the servers were wonderful especially Mr. Robin but selections at the hot bar can be improved. The door frame to the bathroom was rotted out and broken at the bottom. Hotel charges even small children for shuttle ride to and from the airport. You can use shuttle bus or grab a taxi to town. If you could walk half mile you could walk to the train station. Complimentary mineral water, tea and coffee are also made available for all guests. I would stay here again and would recommend this hotel. Being our first time in Rome we feel we stayed in a perfect hotel.Will recommend it for sure. Had no cash when I arrived  problem with pin on card. We paid for a room for four people and I feel like they gave us the most broken down room they could find. Quite neighborhood with ample parking area if you bring your car. I would think that the Hotel would be sensitive to my situation but it did not matter. Also, they need to attend to the mildew in the spa showers. Quiet location and helpful staff made our stay very pleasant. I was able to get by on my credit cards. With a gorgeous on-site pool, gym and spa, the Crowne Plaza Rome - St. Peter's is the ideal place for travellers to stay in the city of Rome when seeking both comfort and convenience. Not the best area of town to walk around in. Too bad it is such a lousy location for walking to anything - in both directions you run out of sidewalk on a busy road. We only had a few days in this comfortable and clean hotel but would have liked to stay longer and try the bar, food and spa. Loved the spa for the parents and the pool for the kids. Breakfast is ok. Now that I know what to do, I'd stay again. <easy cab ride to vatican city for around 10 to 11 euro. I wold not book with this hotel in the future. We didn’t want to stay there but it was a Friday night, we were in a foreign country and didn’t know how to speak Italian. Close to Vatican Museums and the Colosseum, and to FCO airport by cab. Looks like they are in the process of updating the hotel. <Got us checked in early when we arrived in morning from airport. Extremely friendly staff from front desk, room service and restaurant. Nice little bar and restaurant, and a good piano player. Wish I had a chance to use the gym, pool, and spa. I was scheduled to go on a cruise out of Italy and booked 3 nights stay there;however, due to Hurricane Irma--I live in Florida and was affected by the hurricane-- all flights were cancelled and I was not able to fly out. Only thing that could be improved on is the rooms, they are a bit dated and could do with an upgrade. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful with any information we needed. Very nice hotel with a beautiful pool out of the city center but easy to get to it, the bus stop is just in front of the hotel, taxi are right at the hotel. Beautiful buffet breakfast with a la carte idem, they have multitudes of choices of good quality merchandise, something for everyone !! Can't walk much because there aren't any sidewalks and lots of traffic. There is a pick up from airport, but you must reserve in advance and only runs certain hours. Staff, free smart phone, hotel shuttle, room balcony and sunbathing by the pool all helped us to relax when not sightseeing. I evacuated from my home during the time of the hurricane with no internet nor phone service; this means I could not cancel my reservation in time. There is a metro about a km away , were one can get of at various stops in Rome, All in all a great stay In-room dining is available, featuring a wonderful array of delectable dishes, available for guests to enjoy at any time. In addition to en-suite bathrooms, rooms at this property feature work desks and have wireless internet. There was no AC in the room even though the climate became hot. Easy 2+ mile walk - just had to deal with no sidewalk for about a 30 yard stretch.
Great hostel that helped to make my stay in London more enjoyable. If you're looking to save money and will hardly be at the facility (only need a bed and shower), this is the place for you. People come to the hostel to save money, and not having wifi in the room is ridiculous. If you are physically fit and time permitting would recommend walking rather than riding buses because amount of traffic makes it slow moving around city...recommend going to South bank where eye located...lots of outdoor cafes/bars and restaurants. Stayed here a year ago and we were very impressed with our first ever family Hostel stay - so we stayed here again this August in a 3rd floor family room ( 5 of us sharing 3 bunks) with ensuite. Nearby, Old Brompton and Earl’s Court’s Road calls, with great restaurant choices. Don’t miss out on: Mr. Wing, Strada and As Greek as it Gets. Kitchen in the basement was a bit hot and stuffy. What is worse is the wifi in the common area didn't work most of the time I was there. There are two hundred and ninety beds in total in a variety of single sex rooms. Then I made my complaint at checkout and the only thing they could say was we feel your pain. On the upside, the discounted tickets to see London musicals every Wednesday is great! Slow WIFI, No drying machine useage after 10 pm, over priced food A busy place and very noisy but to be expected in the heart of London. The bath room on 4th floor doesn’t provide hot water. The location is nice but the room does not feel like a hotel it was very small and one of the bunker beds was blocking the window. The hostel is very well located so if you're planning to not take the public transport this hostel is gonna be great for you. A great and inexpensive stay in Kensington is to be enjoyed at YHA London Central. WiFi is frustratingly bad as relies on the awful _Cloud service. No such thing as complimentary free prints compared to all hotels/hostels in the world. If you would like to print a boarding pass or get a print out of your ticket, the front desk will charge you 10p. i would understand it if someone is asking for reading meterials or many pages. Room was clean and it fulfilled a purpose after a long day out in London. Great place to stay.. really friendly staff and super convenient location. They did offer me a complimentary breakfast and were quick to remedy the the situation. They deserve to get a good rate because of a good place, a reasonable price, clean rooms and a bathroom. Unfortunately they mixed up the room number and I was awoken by a nice Frenchman at around midnight informing me I was in his bed. Easy walk to many sights inc: Oxford St, British Museum. Obviously at a hostel, you're not going to sleep much anyway, with people in and out of your rooms. But for vouchers/tickets/boarding passes, it will be a good customer service. We struggled to get it to work properly and it would be nice to have a better service. I suppose it's a business model, make you come to the common area with wifi so you end up buying food and drinks, meet people. Appealing to communally minded business and tourist visitors, it offers unparalleled access to attractions, via its closeness to Regent’s Park Tube Station. Liked that the hotel offered food, drinks and opportunities to mingle. Bunk beds are an option for couples and some rooms are en-suite. Rooms do get warm but a fan is provided and the windows opened a little bit. I’ve been to many cities in the world and honestly would say that their WiFi sucks because there’s none at all. Great facility overall, friendly and helpful staff however without locking lockers in my room my phone was stolen, since it was an old one im not too bothered but would appreciate locking lockers!!!! And the breakfast / lounge area is a reasonable space to grab a coffee and a snack. Breakfast was good value (buffet style) although some of the cereals and yogurt had a lot of sugar in them. Near heart of London...lots of restaurants...both sit down and take out and shopping marts...near Regent Park where London Zoo located...easy to get anywhere to see tradional tourist sights, great shopping, entertainment, theaters, and transportation. What was really annoying was that you couldn't have free wifi for the room. I was happy with the location - close to a few tube lines and right off of soho. Wifi didn’t seem to work well during our stay though Biggest problem, the lift was out of order the whole time we were there (we were on the 5th floor). Pros: walking distance to West End, open 24/7, kitchen, lift Cons: ZERO window in the room for 4-bed dorm (safety issue here in case of fire and emergency), NO WIFI even in the public area where they claimed on their website ( over a week now since prior guests said it had been ongoing before their arrival), SKY is their internet service provider ( it was inconvenient for us to step out of the hostel to find an excellent WiFi service, attention: your guests are searching for Starbucks or cafes ) - for a known YHA and being in a First rate city, I’m extremely disappointed with the central London WiFi. Everything is within walking distance but you have to wear very comfortable shoes!! A ‘student’ style coffee bar serves snacks and drinks and there is a self catering kitchen. I only stayed for two nights but I found the bed was incredibly comfortable, the staff was nice and the food there was cheap. Room is too dark, no wifi in rooms, too noisy at night, walls are paper thin, bunk bed is very uncomfortable. Slower close hinges would be far better and allow guests to sleep undusturbed. There are many discount ticket kiosks for buying theatre tickets. All I was told was go to the kitchen for wifi downstairs and that didn't work either. This is certainly great value but, ‘no frills’ and designed for those who are happy with the concept of communal living. We washed our clothes using the washing machine in the laundry only to find out the dryers were not working! The only criticisms I have are:  1) noise from the banging corridor doors when guests in other rooms get up to use bathrooms in the night etc or to leave. I am not sure is it that I am the only unlucky one . Had a cold bath in this hostel is the worst thing during my stay.
The hotel is what you might call a destination spot...but this also means that it is somewhat isolated from non-affiliated restaurants, etc. Very peaceful but due to the large number of birds in residence there was a lot of bird poop everywhere especially in the afternoon. All in all, we were disappointed at the cleanliness and random price-gouging, and they could fix this so easily...  We avoided eating anything form their restaurants, for fear of further price-gouging, but lots of great restaurants around the resort if you have a  car. The restaurant, Tidal, was a very nice spot to have dinner. Spa is nice but again over priced for what it is. Discounted overnight parking $25 a night,  and Resort Fee $32 per night, lessen the experience. The well appointed 462 guest accommodations feature Balinese-style décor, flat screen cable TVs, MP3 docking stations, free Wi-Fi, private bathrooms with shower and tub combinations and free toiletries. The grounds were well kept, staff was very friendly and helpful. We were not on site too much, but it was clean and the grounds were very nice Beautiful pools, tennis, b-ball, croquet, tandem bikes, kayaks, paddle boats, etc. I went to the lobby and was told some would delivered to my room in 15-20 minutes. when I booked online before I checked out it said that the resort fee was waived up to 4 after i booked it was not on my itinerary so I went back to the page that said it and took a picture nevertheless when we checked out they charged me this fee I brought my situation to the person checking out but they did nothing about it but of course charge me 2) the room once sun set the inside and outside the room smelled worst then raw sewage 3) sliding glass door didn’t work properly was a project just to close it 4) bathroom door didn’t lock or close right 5) the really lovely one I was in the middle of a shower when the water just shut off I waited a couple minutes but still no water so we called the front desk and they told us they had an emergency that they had to shut it off and that it will be on in 15 min. Saddened that my shoes were never turned in to lost and found after leaving them at the pool. If you want a fancy, new, partying hotel, look elsewhere. We were then placed in a temporary room & on 4 th night upgrades to a nice room The landscape throughout the resort was unkept and had garbage throughout. PLEASE NOTE: First of all, no matter what great price you think you've secured through one of the discount websites, YOU WILL END UP PAYING MUCH MORE PER NIGHT, due to the $33/night resort fee + the $38/night parking fee (plus they tax you on those fees as well), if you have the misfortune of visiting with your own vehicle. We had a good stay but the $296.52 charge for parking and use of facilities that we did not use was a big surprise.. We were not made aware of these fees when we booked or when we checked in, only learned about the fee when I called to check out. The beds are not comfortable at all.. and they put us in a room that backed up to the road... we asked for a room off the bea h and they never did accommodate. The only negative is true for the area and not just this hotel - things that would normally be free in a hotel are “extra” - wi-fi, parking, etc. It left me feeling so completely creeped out/claustrophobic, that it was difficult to sleep - especially with that ancient swamp cooler mooing like a diseased cow all night. Great location, surrounded by water and tropic plants and trees. Servers at the pool had khakis and hula shirts and all facilities were in good working order. The notes (paging down a lot) mentions these fees but it took me quite a while to find it after we returned. You will pay a LOT more than the posted rate for this resort, and if you're unlucky enough, as we were, you will be put in a cabana next to the maintenance yard and trash bins. I forgot my tooth brush and they delivered one to the room very quickly . She went above and beyond to figure out how to complete a gift certificate to their Spa. Waited until 5.30pm to get checked in to our room (we had arrived early at 11am however rooms aren’t avalible till 4pm) not even offered a complimentary drink or anything to say sorry for the delay. My husband and I enjoyed our stay at this resort. Only issue is you will hearing the water pipe sound when your neighbors are taking a shower. When I booked the room, it mentioned a resort fee but when I checked in, I had to also pay a parking fee. Not that we were trying to get drunk but at $12 each, you would we would be feeling something. A great place to stay; everyone was friendly and provided excellent customer service; room was spacious and was right off their private beach. Again we were looking for relaxation and time to be alone when wanted. This shouldn't be necessary if you are spending $250+ per night at a resort/spa property. We used Uber a LOT, but that wasn't too bad. If you do stay make sure you get a room facing the beach or Lagoon as the other rooms face roads and are not goood. The Bellman was the most friendly, the hotel just wasn't anything to brag about. The location is near MANY San Diego hotspots such as Sea World, San Diego Zoo, Gaslamp district, and La Jolla cove. In the paperwork it shows a 32.00 per day for amenities used. It was the most beautiful place to stay...only thing that was madning was the hidden resort taxes and fees. Hotel is a 3-star at the most NOT a 4-star! Our son lives in Ocean beach and he was able to visit us and we could easily visit him. Manager was equally unhelpful and vague with giving us a specific time when the room would be ready until I had to complain further. Bathroom wasn't very clean, its was old and not great looking! The 2nd issue was - room service comes in PLASTIC boxes - not plates not compostable boxes .... just plastic boxes. The room was clean and nice, but the restroom was smelly. Prominent attractions close to Paradise Point and Spa San Diego include San Diego Museum of Arts (5.6 miles), Heritage Park (3.2 miles), Sunset Cliffs (3.3 miles), Hospitality Point (1.6 miles), among other attractions. However resort over priced for what it is and staff at front desk not very helpful or knowledgable. Clean water is a need not a luxury and I expect a good hotel to include a few basic things. We were in San Diego for our grandsons baptism and Easter. Pictures show you one thing and when u get there, it’s not as promised. I complained and they reduced it by 50%, but one should not have to pay a 17% markup of the room rate to park...this on top of the resort fee that is also added to the total cost. The resort is located close enough to other restaurants however you will need a car to get to these places. I feel like this should have been disclosed from the beginning!!!!! During our next stay, I hope to get one of the rooms that have direct beach access, where you can have a campfire and enjoy the sunset and starry night. Lovely grounds lots to see and walk around and enjoy nature. Was charged $38 a night for parking, which I was unaware. Guests can choose from any of the five on-site restaurants and two lounges on the beachfront or poolside for grabbing a bite or drink. NONE of these fees were we ever informed of either.... On a side Note: the toilet rocked, the bolts holding it to the floor were extremely loose. Mentioned it to the people at the front desk and they weren't very concerned about our concerns. The issue here is the resort fee ($32 advertised though  as $36) and the excessive car parking fee ($38). If I hadn't marched to the front desk and complained in person, housekeeping would've left for the day. Nice watching paddle boarders and kayaker paddlling in front of the room. We felt hat we made the right choice out of the options we looked into. I would stay there again but would prefer a room overlooking the water. Great place for kids and the pool is great and the Tidal restaurant is nice. Parking was a whopping $38 + tax which was ridiculous! I definitely will recommend this resort to my friends and I will return at some point in the future! Nice family vacation, great location for all of the San Diego highlights. If that had been the case, we probably would not have stayed here. Rooms like cottages without cooking amenities--large and spacious that were comfortable. Expect to get a charge equal to your original cost. It used to be classy earth tones resembling resorts in Hawaii. The resort has beautiful landscaping, an amazing setting and I love that all the rooms are bungalows, one story tall and each is unique. I brought my granddaughters there to spend our own little Christmas together. My wife and I visited this hotel as a sort of 2nd honeymoon and had a wonderful stay. It looked like a good place to have a party--several banquet rooms. But, it is a beautiful area and I would highly recommend it. The grounds are very nice and our room looked new. - but maybe we were just unlucky during our stay. Out side our room was dirty too and not very well maintained. Way too expensive for a seedy room, + $35 per night for parking +$27 resort fee. The location lends itself to great potential for the hotel, but their execution around some simple areas miss the mark greatly, leading to my rating. To park our car was an extra $30 a night and even if you dont use the resort they charge your cc at check out $29 pp per night. There was a resort fee, which I was aware, but never used the resort. Other than everything costing extra, the cleaning staff forgetting a pile of dirty towels in the middle of the floor and the room being infested with spiders the hotel and room were beautiful. We chose Paradise over a couple of other locations because of the possibility it would be a little more secluded. It was mentioned the bungalows in the 500s were renovated, which is where we were, so if that's important, put in that request. Lobby restroom dirty, our Presidential Suite never received housekeeping services and they had one person working the coffee counter in the morning with a super long line. The maid service was horrible, leaving our dirty towels and not making the bed correctly. It is not a bad hotel, but it is being let down by its housekeeping dept. Everything you need is on site for an awesome family fun time. The grounds were beautiful, the staff were very friendly and helpful and our bungalow was very nice! This is an older complex, built by the salt water. $37 per night for parking fee and $30 resort fee per night... I was served raw pork at dinner at the restaurant Barr Grill on the property then the people staying right next to us had their movies playing until 2:30 in the morning was like we were at the movies I made a noise complaint and was not handled not only that if you're going to remodel make sure that you have comfy beds we want to be able to sleep in a nice environment in the beds were hard as a rock I woke up with bad back spasms I will not be back to this place it makes me extremely sad. I had read online that I could choose to park in the public parking and walk to my room. Not having my bed made, etc, didn't bother me, but I needed those coffee packets and paper cups for the morning. The car parking charge of $38 per day, is a rip off, as the hotel has a lot of space, and doesn't need to charge this. The rest of the grounds are lovely, but we were put in the ghetto and given lots of sorries, but there's nothing we can do for you's. I do wish they would include the $32 per night resort fee and the $38 per night parking fees in the actually booking cost, rather than putting those in the fine print. The property is being renovated and our room was one of those that was remodeled . When we checked out, we told the lady at the desk about the bed mistake and she offered to remove the resort fee. So let me start out by saying that the property is really beautiful and the location is prime. The room was comfortable and any thing extra I needed they quickly brought to me. I knew that I would have to pay a resort fee of somewhat over $30 a day, but reading online I mistakenly thought I had an option of paying for parking near my room of another somewhat over $30 a day. However, even if you just check in, sleep, and check it it still costs 32.00. With out of town guests staying at our daughters house we needed a place to stay. To be fair I do have a main complaint for the price ( Over 200 dollars a night) a couple of bottles of water should be included as a courtesy .. 4 dollars for a bottle of water is downright wrong! We enjoyed the pools, hot tubs, restaurants, and other amenities during our visit. I needed to get away and going here after loosing my grandmother was just the relaxation that I needed. Room cleanliness:  I had to ask 3 times to mop the tile floor in our unit, as our bare feet got black in minutes of walking barefoot in our room. I wish I could have stayed longer, with a late check in I did not get to fully enjoy the hotel as much as I would have liked... A perfect staycation as I am a local San Diegan . Loved quick drive to sea world and close to park, beach, and bay. Many add on fees that weren’t expected: resort, parking , etc Now, they were blue t-shirts, black yoga pants and severely short handed and many areas were shut down early. That certainly wasn't the way it was described to me at check in. Alerted staff and they quickly changed our room to a bayside sweet for a small up charge. However I had two problems - We had our room fully paid for but, the card for incidentals had a problem on our last night and they LOCKED us out of the room .... after a long day out with kids and dinner in hand! It is a nice place with many things to do, and centrally located. A security guard finally came and said he was sorry for the wait but he was just helping the short handed housekeeping staff. Together, this adds about 33% to the base bill (plus taxes). Price was great, room was beautiful, grounds were magnificent and the staff was very personable and friendly! The toilet paper holder was broke kept coming off the wall, there was a juice bottle left under the bed, and 2 of the lamps in the room didn’t work . The hotel lists itself cheap on Orbitz which gains an unfair advantage over other ones, then charge this high fee to make a high profit. We stayed 5 nights and every day we had to request the room the be cleaned. We raised this with the management, every day and every day they reassured us that it wouldn't happen again - but it did. It is sorely in need of a makeover--everything from the room/bathroom to the grounds. Between my friend and I, we ordered 5 tropical drinks and 1 mai tai and felt nothing. My husband and I stayed at the resort from Jan 8-Jan 12, 2018. Everything about the resort was revealed when we woke up in the morning light. The hotel is located on an isolated island, and driving a car is almost a must-have. The hotel is in a great location, however the hotel is just lacking a few things. However, the new mattresses are cheap quality, we had to call several times just to get extra pillows. While they have been upgraded and are nicely decorated, there is no getting around the fact that your hotel room is nothing more than a brick bunker with no windows other than what is in/beside your door. Hotel was not in Paradise mode... they had no room avail for us at 4 pm, which is their check in time, after a long day of traveling, and with plans that evening it really made us late and had to change our plans.. Very centrally located but private and plenty of fun things right on resort property. My family and I recently stayed here for a week and we absolutely loved it. Everything was closed when I got there, at no point was I informed of the 38.00 parking fee, when I called (since I wasn’t able to even park in my spot due to another car being double parked), they said anyone who parks on premises (which is an island), has the 38.00 fee. Def would have been nice to be told this-but of course after we complained they let us know it was back on terrible experience plus the whole time we were staying we had to call to get someone to bring New towels to the room or clean it-but of course when we were checking out trying to pack they literally knocked on our door like 4-5 times I would never stay here again and def won’t come back I’ve stay twice here with family and after these two experience and the hotel doing nothing for us either time regardless all we dealt with I know all hotels in area charge a resort fee but if I don’t use ur amenities then I shouldn’t have to pay specially when it shouldve been waived The staff was very accommodating and we had a remodeled room that was clean and comfortable. Our room was very nice and spacious as well as in a very quiet location. If you want a unique, quiet, relaxing place for yourself, or a family? Destination has obviously cut down on cost by decreasing staff, shutting off ambience lighting around the resort, the main pool bar is now closed in the evenings and the cleanliness of the resort is no longer 4-5 stars. I saw that many people simply parked their cars on the road or elsewhere on the property (ie not at the casita). It’s always been one of our favorites since it has a great island feel and you cannot beat the location. Honestly I was so excited to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary where we were married 10 years ago at Paradise Point unfortunately we didn't get checked into our room like we were supposed to because they were painting that room we went to a different room there was construction going on everywhere I understand the remodeling. To pay $38 per night to park a car next to the casita is excessive. By the way, not every room has its own beach patio, but everyone staying does have beach access...it's just a short walk. We rented a power boat form the on-premises dock, and that was an excellent experience...competitively priced with a great staff to help. She said if I had made my reservation directly through the hotel parking would be included but since I went through Travelocity I would be obligated to pay. After calling the office I'm and being reassured it would be cleaned right away I waited for 2 additional hours. And they were completely unreasonable about it all in the way they dealt with it. My wife and I plan to visit in the future with our kids -- they stayed home this time around. like it very calm and privet excellent for family or lovers The concierge checked us in, said she upgraded our room to a bay view with a patio, We arrived at our room which was a street view with no patio. It was too secluded, it's built more for conventions and older travelers. Unfortunately the rooms of which we experienced two were not of a 4 star standard. Hotel staff told me they couldn't print a final statement for me and would email later in the day. Yes, the view was nice, and the location was good, but I wouldn't book them again, and don't recommend this hotel. This hotel was beautiful and close to everything, if you want to stay at the resort there is plenty to do there. Situated less than seven miles from Central San Diego and 600 meters from Mission Bay Park, Paradise Point and Spa San Diego is a luxurious resort offering swimming pools and tennis courts. We just visited again and had a chance to try out the new rooms. They would not let us into our PAID IN FULL room until the slow process of going back to the lobby and taking care of things (while the family stood out in the cold with dinner - yes it was cold in SD in December). The rooms were easy to maneuver for her and we loved the resort feel for us. We had to change from the first due to bad odor and found the second not much better. There are some things that are a little dated but there is renovations going on there now. The outdoor bar is way too pricey and I’m pretty sure the bartender did not put alcohol in our drinks. Of course I paid, but her attitude about it wasn't very welcoming. They have great restaurants, lots of activities, pools, family bikes, and fire pits. Each pool area has, not only, hot tubs, but bon fire pits that are lit up every evening. However, the new owners, “Destination” has missed the boat on what this resort is all about. Well we have been coming to Paradise Point for the last 15 years and have witnessed it go through different owners over the years. It was an overall beautiful resort just a few small things. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but something to keep in mind if you don't have a relatively high food budget or your own vehicle. Now, if the rooms were nice, you could probably see spending the extra $$, however the SECOND thing you must know is that EACH ONE OF THE ROOMS AT THIS RESORT IS A CONCRETE BLOCK CELL! Impressive fish and sharks in the marina aquarium (where you rent boats). It is definitely unusual for a hotel to charge this much for parking. From the check in process, the housekeeping staff, to each of the front desk staff everyone was awesome. Luckily I had a wonderful experience with one employee, Jenna Daya. Looks like to has been renovated not too long ago. When I checked in the woman at the desk wasn't very pleasant. Parking and resort fee was annoying but really cool place to walk around. And another minor item- my wife said the hair dryer was weak. Coffee bar in lobby was convenient as well as great drinks. They will charge you for parking and a resort fee, which is not really stated on the expedia website. Housekeeping had STILL not tended to our room by 3:30 pm, which meant that we were forced to call them before we left every morning to make sure they serviced our room timely each day after that. It's was not what we thought it would be, the kids were not too thrilled. Switch and bait from Expedia as well as the resort. The staff was good, but the place overall was too busy. Housekeeping staff was very reliable Also thought that paying for parking was a little ridiculous as this was not an area where there is high demand for parking We had very good food on site and excellent in the area around Ocean Beach. It is a resort so there were daily Resort Fees and Parking Fees. The heating cycle wouldn't start until it was uncomfortably cold, and stopped when it was already overheated. They have trucks and construction mess everywhere, the three featured fire columns at the main pool no longer are lit and the spa was filthy and had to be closed. From the entrance to the hotel, to the restaurants, to the pool, absolutely beautiful! I left my room in the morning on the second day of my visit and returned in the late afternoon to find my room had not been cleaned. Private bungalows all over with fun walking paths in between. it is right on the water and the food was excellent. There's plenty to do there and there are plenty of choices to eat. Our room faced the Lagoon which was relaxing to watch the birds as well beautiful! It might be just the bodywash bottle in our room, but it didn't smell right. The restaurants on property are amazing as well, good food, great service. Hence we checked out after the first night, therefore no experiencing any of the resort facilities to rate them. But those are really the only good things I can say about this place. It's okay that I was mistaken on that information but the woman was very sarcastic and rude while talking to me about it. The body wash liquid provided also had a terrible smell. We were initially placed in a room that historically smelled like sulfur & sure enough it did on our 2nd day. The four-star hotel offers a business centre, meeting and conference space, restaurants, gym, a sandy beach, children activities, basketball court, golf course, and much more. We had paid for a Premium King Lanai Garden room, and it was definitely not premium AND we had a queen sized bed. Then one evening I arrived back at my room at 9:30 at night to find housekeeping never came. My 93 year old mother also came with us and had her own room. Smore fixings can be purchased on site, and are encouraged. The main pool was replastered to a lighter bottom, they got rid of the sand for the beach entry and they have brightened all of the colors of the resort to resemble a Mexican or Carribean feel. My room was very nice, updated and with a private patio. Hotels.com need to be more specific about these add ons in its upfront price Whether you are looking at the terrace overhang in your room, or working out in the fitness center, you can see cobwebs everywhere...again, a simple practice of having housekeeping use a swiffer to reach up and dust these areas could be done better. Be aware that they charge $38 per night for parking, the most I have paid in over 500 hotels stays. The bathroom door didn't shut or slide out of the wall, the light was out as well. We were there for just a few minutes since we were heading to a local concert, so we didn't recognize that the bed was the wrong size until we returned back to the room late.
No room service- 1 café with same menu every day. Last night which was on a Saturday and was so noisy we got no rest at all. This would have been known well in advance, more staff put on. Spring Breakers made it NOT an ideal place for family, but abstracting from that, room was ill equipped- no coffee machine, windows don’t close all the way, AC noisy...  not great at all. Someone finally came to the front I said I wanted to pay in cash she said I still need to put $100 deposit with the my card I did so. Why they left the dirty towels behind, or straight up the room is beyond me. It was a full one bedroom apartment with a kitchenette and a full fridge. The bedroom did not have a dresser for your clothes and there were 3 hangers in a very very small closet. The rooms also feature kitchen facilities such as a toaster, refrigerator and coffeemaker. This was the property managed by Stephanie, who had been called in to North Beach,  apparently operated by same owners. Great location a block from the beach- smell the salt air! Hotel cleaning crew was making so much noise with mop buckets and such outside it was ridiculous. A few short steps from Fort Lauderdale Beach, the hotel is just a five-minute walk from the Bonnet House Museum and Gardens. Las Olas Beach is less than 20 minutes away on foot from the property. It's like renting a Ikea furnished apt for a few days. Shower tile very slick hard to stand on very dangerous. I asked for a supervisor and I voice my complaint she said I need to call hotels.com so that hotels.com can call her and that they can send her an updated receipt so that I can get some money back due to the lack of the room. The room had a nice size living room and dinette area. Hotel overall is a little weird but it's reasonable and a block from beach. The reviews about the check in process are on point. If we walked into the hotel, they asked us how our day was so far, if we were leaving, they told us they hoped we had an awesome adventure! Fresh and inviting, the air conditioned rooms at the North Beach all come equipped with a flat-screen television and seating area. It has a small courtyard pool which no one was at. Our original room was fantastic- loved the space of a seperate bedroom, and huge ensuite bathroom. Check in person could be at any of the 17 properties ( as I was “reminded” by the restaurant server) and you have to wait for him to come from another property. Concrete floors people sliding chairs across them all night walls are very thin rooms are not quite. The concrete floors were painted and the furniture style was modern. Do you want to say in business with other non college customers? Waited sometime for Stephanie from adjacent hotel,  Aqua (more on Aqua) then told room not ready for 3 he's or 3pm. It was peaceful and private and the food was very enjoyable. At check out, gave key to restaurant server, but could not discuss the bill or my stay because she did not have access to hotel information??? Hotel has been tastefully renovated whilst keeping the feel of 50's beachside Florida. It you want to be in a small community very relax this is your place. No one is returning my calls I’m leaving work to go there now. Unfortunately, an issue with a water leak in the apartment necessitated a room change. The North Beach is a recently renovated accommodation option that provides an on-site restaurant and heated outdoor swimming pool. My girlfriend and I enjoyed this place quite a lot. Changed our opinion of Fort Lauderdale which had taken a beating by attitudes of North Beach. I booked this hotel for my birthday when we got there ready to check in it’s took them like 30 minutes for someone to come to the front. Stephanie was so embarrassed by what happened at North Beach, she offered to show us rooms at Aqua available. Other wierd thing is there was restaurant seating right outside my door. Excuse given that large number of people booked out that day after boat show finished. Concrete floors & ceiling fans- perfect for the humid Florida weather. so the next morning I see that the ceiling is leaking so when it was time to check out which was that Sunday. No one came to clean the room till after 5:00 pm only time we seen anyone from the hotel was at check in. I liked it, and I would definitely stay there again. Had to walk up several stairs to get to my room & the AC in bedroom didn't work. Thank God it was cool out and the room had a fan. The only house keeping I got was a made bed. Check-in is a little confusing as there is no main desk and employees shared between multiple properties. Private on-site parking is also available for a daily surcharge. Everyone was friendly and welcoming and the room was just fantastic. My bedroom was located on the street level where staff sits and takes their breaks- so it was noisy at night. Than you Stephanie, very much appreciated by Aussies from Perth WA. When we got to the room the door handle to the room was broken. Stephanie saved our day,  very helpful organized trip to Everglades and assisted transport to airport. I had to wait for 10 mins outside for someone to come open office door so I get checked in. Very good all around we stayed for the Boat show and was very happy. For getting online, guests can access the hotel’s complimentary Wi-Fi service. I’m still going through this battle right now because nobody is returning my call that hundred dollars that was post to be for deposit is now a charge. Now to Aqua,  right next door in next street. Not what expected.thought it was closer to ship.elevator was OUT so struggled with bags Entrance was different from check in Just not what was promised. 17 properties and 1 front desk agent... not a good ratio nor a focus on guest service. We wanted to complain but again there was no phone in the room so there was no way for me to complain mind you I was having a birthday party so I had to leave as early as 7 o’clock in the morning so there was no time for me to complain I did not get back to my room until after like 12 they lock the restaurant area and you don’t have a real front desk so there was no way for me to complain. The beach was about two minutes walking from the hotel. Great stay at half the price of the chain hotels. Serving a varied selection of freshly prepared meals, the restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner each day. Nice hotel, but you check in to the hotel at the restaurant hostess station. Other than the pool being closed and the hot tub not working it was a really nice hotel. Front desk is hard to reach and frankly ill equipped or not trained well. I did have a guest so I was under the impression that we had a pull out couch when we were ready to go to sleep around 3 am. Waited till 3pm, rooms still not ready,  no viewing available of room,  no where to wait.
Guests can enjoy drinks in the open air summer bar or Dracma’s Café where live music provides entertainment. We have been coming to this hotel for about 40 years now and it never fails to please. Free car park (off season at least) would be better as it was practically empty & cost us 40 euros for two cars for two days. Alicante Airport is a 64km drive while there are many bars, restaurants and shops within easy walking distance. Only five minutes’ walk from the beach, this elegant hotel has modern air-conditioned rooms and a free form pool. Stylishly decorated, each room features a flat-screen TV with 60 channels, en-suite bathroom, a private balcony, a refrigerator and a safe for personal belongings. Servigroup Venus is a hotel based in a bustling area within Benidorm. There is also a hairdresser’s and a boutique on the premises. Guests can watch as chefs prepare their food on an open grill in the restaurant which provides all day dining options and a gluten-free menu. The hotel features a large sun terrace complete with loungers and parasols, a tropical garden, and a children’s playground.
An American breakfast is served each morning, with many gluten-free items on the menu. The Private Wellness SPA Suite has a multi-sensory shower and a hanging garden. Best hotel ever Clean comfy lovely people to deal with  Great location  When i am in. Although I prefer to stay at hotels near an underground stop for travel convenience, the Milan Suite Hotel was located on a tram line and it was easy access to downtown Milan. The hotel isn't close to much though & seemed too far out of it. I didn’t care about the name choice, but I don’t understand it. I do not know what his additional other responsibilities might have been, but I’ve rarely seen a more cheerful personality. The room bathrooms are also spacious with a full shower and seperate bath. Had the best stay for a short weekend in Milan, everything about the Milan Suit Hotel is amazing, from the staff to the food to the rooms. But there is no place near to place a towel. The hotel has recently updated their rooms, which they have named “Naked Rooms.”  I saw ni explanation for the odd name, although it is plastered right on the wall of the corridor and on brochures in the lobby. Hardest part was to leave, because the rooms were so comfy! One delightful young man escorted us to iur room, helped with our luggage, served as bartender, cooked our dinner and deliveres our room service order. Guests also have access to a fitness centre and a childcare service. So, when you finish showering, you have to walk 12 feet across the bathroom to reach the nearest towel. Milan Suite Hotel is a luxury, eco-friendly, pet-friendly hotel situated in a strategic location in northwest Milan. The room we stayed in was a junior suite and it was increadible, I couldn't recommend this hotel enough. It features fully equipped rooms and suites plus complimentary Wi-Fi which guests can even take with them while out exploring the city. The Milan Suite Hotel is modern hotel with spacious rooms. This is a lively boutique hotel, and really good value for money. We struggled to find somewhere to eat as there really wasn't anything open or around the area. Casa Milan is two kilometres away from Milan Suite Hotel while the Monte Stella Park is a little more than 15 minutes' walk away. Milan there is no other hotel i would stay in Milan all suites is the best The staff where super helpful and always helped you as much as they could, whether this was explain the best places to get food, or the best way to get to all the sights of Milan. The staff is very kind and helpfull, from check-in to checkout. All rooms are air-conditioned and feature a television, hairdryer, minibar and safe. The staff at this hotel could not be nicer, friendlier, or more helpful, except that there are not enough of them. Overall a very good value and I would definitely stay there again. The concierge service is accessible 24 hours a day and paid parking is located on site. It has 3 different types of shower heads with enough water pressure to blast all three simultaneously. I had to walk back into the shower to fetch something, and when I did, the black footprints I tracked on the wet shower floor revealed that the suite’s tile floor really needed a good mopping! Portable wifi was given upon request to use during my stay! The front desk even gave us a portable wifi to take around with us for free. The glass shower walls are floor-to-ceiling, so you can’t even drape a towel over the shower door. The hotel has some nice perks like free internet access that you can take with you anywhere in Milan. Hotel was excellent staff provided useful tips and bus stop right out front. Would definitely stay in this hotel next time i visit milan Bus stop to the city center was right across the street. Breakfast at the hotel is good but a little expensive for what you get. Only down side it's a little far from center of milan about a 30 min bus ride. The room looked clean until I had showered and walked to the bedroom. You can use their portable wifi machines everywhere you go outside the hotel (i even used it outside milan), it’s really convenient. Great hotel, not located in the center of milan though. The rooms are large and comfortable, the staff are uniformy welcoming and helpful, and the breakfast is lovely.
Thankfully I carry ear plugs with me, so it wasn't a problem for me, but if I didn't have them, this may be a different review! The staff are very helpful and recommend nearby places to visit on your trip. The only small problem is the house from the street and from some people in the hotel. Perfect location for night activities, proximity to metro, and walking distance to 2 major plazas as well as palace and cathedral. Was in a great location, close to shops and places to eat. The service was very nice, however, and the room was very conveniently located, good size, with kitchen for cooking your own food. Friendly and helpful staff assisted us in getting settled into our apartment. However, the registration office is away from the place where the rooms are and hence we had to drag our heavy lagguage bags back and forth ... please have service to leave the lagguages at the rooms location when we go to register. The walls in general were also very thin and you could hear everything that your neighbours were saying and doing. the elevator doesnt go to the flat, very good service but you can buy the same furniture in a hotel. Location is amazing, right between the royal palace and plaza del Sol. It was really close to the Metro so made getting around Madrid easy. The property is located very centrally, with amazing plazas, monasteries, and historic sites on all sides. In addition, the wooden stairs were very loud and you could hear whenever they were in use. Room was central to where we needed to be and close to metro if we needed to go elsewhere. Plenty of great eateries are located in the area, including Cerveceria 100 montaditos, Trattoria Malatesta, and Gayagum. Great central location, able to see fireworks at Puerta del Sol. Lift only goes to floor 1,2 and 5 so if you’re on 3 or 4 you need to walk but not a big issue. The apartment is on the 5th floor (you got fit walking up those 5 flights of stairs!) It featured exposed beams and piping which weren't clean and also meant that the ceiling was much thinner so I was woken up several times and disturbed regularly through my stay my the family with a young child in the room above us. The elevator is always broken so be prepare to take your luggage 3-4 floors up , the sofa-bed was terrible, the bathroom smells really bad... The apartment was clean and comfortable and safe to stay in. I only stayed for one night, but I cannot complain - this would be great for a longer stay, as it is in the center of Puerta del Sol and has the appliances you need to make your stay comfortable. We thought we had lost our keys, just misplaced but the reception were great to help us. The balcony is too small to fit a chair, but it exists technically. The one that we stayed in, although decorated as in the photos, was not at the same standard. The bathroom was fine, and you also get a free bottle of wine. The address of where to check in was different within the reservation - was told this was emailed to me, but it was not. You can hear the neighbours talking because the walls are so thin, but the beds are compfy. If we ever come back to Madrid would definitely stay here again It wasn’t  what I would consider a traditional hotel but it gave you the feel of what it would like if you lived there. Suites You Zinc is  right around the corner from these destinations. The property itself offers guests services such as luggage storage, free Wi-Fi, tour assistance, and an airport shuttle. It had everything we needed to make our short stay in Madrid an extremely enjoyable one. The place is right in the middle of all attractions which makes it very convenient because you don’t have to take any busses or trains. However the cleaners and the electrician cannot speak any English so this may be something to keep in mind if you do not know much Spanish. Madrid, the city that never sleeps, boasts amazing sites like the Plaza de Celenque and Puerta del Sol. All 35 apartments make travelling easy, with Select Comfort beds and LCD TVs. Free toiletries are provided to all travellers, and air conditioning keeps the heat away. The kitchen was amazing to have as we have been traveling for 7 months and this was the first time we could cook. Suites You Zinc's reception desk is open from 9 AM to 2 AM Monday - Friday. The whole room was very clean and plenty of room for 2 people. Water heater works for about a 4 minute shower, then takes a while to heat up again. We will likely be back there next time we visit Madrid! The apartment itself was clean and fit our family of 2 adults and 4 kids very well. though there was a very small lift (max 2 people) that you could use. The apartment that I stayed in featured a very odd room behind the kitchen which had a combination of decking and Astro turf as the floor, some patio furniture and a straw roof (it also had a very unpleasant smell). Also, if your fellow guests are inconsiderate you won't get much sleep as the walls are thin! If your room is on the street it can be a bit loud because of the area, but they do their best to have noise cancelling shutters. Hotel right in the centre of the city so consequently noisy night life. You get what you pay for with these budget apartments. The location was very central, close to all amenities, although very crowded.
Also make sure to check out the Alibi across the street for a few drinks instead of spending all your time on Bourbon. Kind of a pain to have to follow up with this. Nothing was mentioned to us until we saw the room for ourselves. Hotel was very nice and the people were so friendly. There is a $150 charge on my credit card without any bill or communication. All of the staff will help you no matter what they are doing! Didn't get the room we reserved (king) so the bed was too small for two very tall people. Central location, clean and comfortable, staff very friendly and accomodating Close to the best rated restaurants, art galleries, Canal Street. Definitely not the Hyatt quality hotel that I am used to. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel for the location and how easily you can walk everywhere even to the Superdome/ Smoothie Center in around 20-30 minutes. I’ve been to NOLA three times and stayed at the Intercontinental and Omni Royal Orleans previously. Check in and out was easy, and the location couldn't get any better. Would definitely stay here again if ever in New Orleans! We had a (slightly-upgraded) courtyard-facing room on the 3rd floor, with high ceilings, and the room was very quiet and comfortable. not impressed, no wow factor hallway by elevator smelled like mildew. The staff was extremely helpful in setting up tours of New Orleans, and recommending outstanding restaurants and places to see while visiting. Easy access to all of the activities, sites and restaurants. Not only would I recommend to a friend, I did and they met us out here and stayed at the Hyatt Centric and also loved it! Hotel is located in the French Quarter and has close access to Trolley and bus lines to all sections of New Orleans. If we ever return to NOLA, we would definitely stay here again. We came for Satchmo Summerfest, and greatly enjoyed our entire experience, and the excellent service while staying at the Hyatt Centric! Great place to and will definitely return to this hotel. They did provide transportation to the airport for our group but at our suggestions, not theirs. “The Big Easy” is close at hand for guests of the renowned Hyatt Centric French Quarter New Orleans hotel. Our room was well-maintained and clean and the fitness center has everything you need for a workout. It was easy to walk to every place we felt like and great for just roaming around. They provided advice about where to go for great food, places to shop and visit. Other hotel patrons were loud as they returned for the night. Pool was good but drinks were very expensive so bring your own just not in glass. Within easy walking distance of all locations within the French Quarter, Canal Street, downtown and the French Market to Frenchmen's Street. Also the rooms could be a little more sound proof...the noises of Bourbon street were disturbing at times. I only used 6 bottles of water and 6 Keurig Coffee during my entire stay. There's a guy name Vincent he is the most helpful pleasant man I have ever met! The Hotel is located near Canal Street so you get the Bourbon Street experience without being right in the middle of the chaos. Loved our stay, extremely well kept, clean daily despite traffic due to Mardi Gras, very secure and safe, great location. First trip to New Orleans and this hotel is great for its location. We spent five nights at the Hyatt Centric French Quarter, and it was very, very enjoyable. The stay was great....didn't like having to share a balcony. The pool area was relaxing and the lobby bar nice for happy hour. The concierge was extremely helpful in helping us decide suitable ways to spend our days. I later learned that I could buy a senior ticket for $0.40 per trip. The hotel is right in the middle of the French Quarter. Had to wait for the room to be ready but the staff was friendly. I asked the front desk after seeing a different total on the bill they slid under the door. We arrived earlier than expected and our room was yet ready however, the nice young lady from Coldwater, Ohio who checked us in offered us a different room that ended up larger and much nicer than our original - thank you so much! Still no refund recieved even though staff agreed and completed paperwork they needed to give to their office. A good, clean, safe place to stay.The hotel was in a perfect location for walkability throughout the French Quarters and beyond. It’s a beautiful hotel and all of the staff is helpful and friendly. We really appreciated being in a great location for walking around the French Quarter and taking any transportation to other areas. It was larger than your average hotel room as well. Of course there is noise, because it's the FQ, they do provide ear plugs for you though! I had this done ince before at another hotel for horrible service and had the refund through orbitz quickly ao I know it shoild not take this long. The only minor thing is that their pillows could have been a little bit more supportive. Honestly the best hotel experience I have had in a southern state! An older medium-sized hotel, everything was functional but somewhat dated, at least in our experience (in our room). Close to Bourbon, but a reprieve in the hotel itself with interior courtyards to get some quiet sun. They told me it would be credited back after 4 or 5 days. NOisy at times but fun to people watch, have a drink, and listen to street music. They said they couldn’t do anything better because that what they had at the moment and we booked through the third party. our room was large and very clean and was always nicely made up when we returned from our outings. The Hyatt Centric was just a 1/2 block off Bourbon, close to the fun, away from the noise at night. The hotel has a foul smell and the workout room is mediocre. We were supposed to get a private balcony on the 4th floor, but room was not ready at almost 4pm for check in at 3 pm. The staff was very nice and helpful and the room and lobby well decorated and maintained. It took them a while to solve the problem and was able to give us some discount. Recommend Hyatt Centric for great service, comfortable rooms and convenient location. We bought five-day passes for $15 (US) each, and used the streetcars (mostly St Charles) often. rooms are clean , bathrooms are clean and rooms are great. The staff were great we had minor problem with in room service but it was quickly corrected. It was one of the most amazing hotel experiences we’ve ever received, in a long time! The staff was friendly and helpful, the room was spotless, modern and comfortable. Very nice , close to everything , very kind staff. Loved the proximity in that all the good tourist spots were within walking distance. The hotel provides a 24-hour fitness centre and an outdoor pool with bar. We will definitely stay here next time we come to NOLA. This could be due to working long hours during the holiday season. My wife and I stayed at the French Quarter Hyatt Centric for one week in early August. Most tours pick up at the hotel and drop you back when complete. (A tip for getting around: RTA gomobile app for iOS and Android: buy online passes for streetcars and buses. Everyone was so friendly and I don't have one negative thing to stay. Pleasant room with sectional, comfortable bed, changing area, and separate bathroom. Local dishes are served up on-site at the Powdered Sugar cafe, while artisan spirits and light fare are available at Batch lounge. Anytime I needed something they were at the door within a few minutes. The location is perfect and right next to Acme Oysters. My entire stay was prepaid through Orbitz.Therefore, I don't understand what the $150 is for. Better then expected... very clean , updated room that opened to the pool courtyard, quite and in a great spot in French quarter. The blackout curtains made it dark as a vampire's bedroom. My first trip to NO I was nervous that I wouldn't be near all the excitement but this location was perfect. Shout out to big daddy chuck for best bloody mary in awlins Anna at front desk was great The staff at the hotel were mostly friendly but a few seemed a tad standoffish. Once or twice we heard our upstairs neighbors, but overall, very quiet. We stayed here last year with a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street. Only complaint is they didn’t tell me there’s a $50 a day room charge for incidentals. A wide range of guest rooms is available, all boasting grand 12-foot ceilings, plush furnishings and balconies. Everything within walking distance I would stand on my balcony and look directly at Bourbon St. No matter what door you exit you could walk to the all the fun. We booked a king bed via hotels.com but turned out it was a pulled out bed from a sofa. I wanted to file a formal complaint but my husband didn’t want to waste the time doing so. Location was great, but Canal Street could be scary at night. We had an excellent stay at the Hyatt Centric...it is close by to many restaurants, shopping, the casino , the Mississippi River and a Walgreens if you need to pick up little things. Over 10,000 square feet of function space is available for meetings, weddings and special events. Good location, but disappointed in the room service being served in a paper bag. There are better hotels in the area for the price you pay for this one. We was unhappy about it and came to talk to front desk. Otherwise, the facilities were clean and modern, the rooms spacious and the bed comfy! If your a smoker you will want room off courtyard. Not a big problem, but we did not know the people in the room next door and this was a concern as people go out on the balcony to smoke and possible safety issues. The hotel is close and walkable to everything in the French quarter. Close to all attractions and away from the hustle and bustle of all of them. It was so disappointed to sleep on a sofa bed at a 4 star hotel. It had its own balcony with floor to ceiling French doors. Easy to lighten up though, by opening the curtains a bit. Hostel said there was nothing they could do since we booked through hotels.com and that the hotel was booked solid. Wish I had a heads up from the hotel that there was street construction adjacent to the hotel. I was in NOLA for a conference but also wanted to see the sights. Noted area attractions such as Lafayette Square, the Audubon Zoo and the Mercedes-Benz Superdome are all within walking distance. It has great amenities, is clean and the staff is excellent! An endless array of restaurants and bars are located nearby. It was conveniently located in the French Quarter on Canal Street, blocks away from Bourbon Street. Meaning she didn’t have time so get your a_ _ down here and get it yourself. Located just off of Bourbon St. you can easily get to the festivities. The hotel lobby was nicely decorated and felt welcomed when we entered. Patrick from Batch Bar was the best bartender I’ve ever met! Reserved a king bed and when I got there there were non available. Even the little restaurant was perfect for a quick bite.. We took a chance and booked the Hyatt Centric based on  other people's reviews. Great hotel,staff very helpful, beautiful room,close to everything, highly recommend. Smart room---with modern technology and a comfortable amount of space. Otherwise the concierge were great and the hotel breakfast nook was reasonable with good food. With the previous attitude this coffee should have been free. When we return to New Orleans in the future we will stay here again. Pleased to find our room with floor to ceiling windows & a lot of light. We didn’t want to ruin our trip, so we accepted it. A sofa, 32-inch flat screen television, marble counters in the bath and Wi-Fi are standard amenities. I went to New Orleans to take my partner for his birthday and it was both of our first time in this exciting city. Great hotel with rooms that have views on  Bourbon & Canal Streets. Immediately after hanging up someone else call and said that they didn’t think I wanted to pay the service charges (which I already knew about) but could send the order up in 5 mins. Great staff, beautiful room, perfect and safe location, and close walking distance to everything (streetcars, Bourbon Street, etc,) no noise. Hotel stated wiuld recive refund for leaving early due to hurricane coming. All of the people at the hotel were very nice and helpful, and they helped to make our stay very enjoyable. Floor sagged and creaked, bedding was dirty when I checked in and it took several calls before Housekeeping arrived to change it and vacuum the carpet. The beds are comfortable, room clean and staff super friendly. I will definitely only stay here when I’m in NOLA. The hotel is clean, rooms comfortable and well maintained, and there are three restaurants within the hotel footprint should you choose to stay close for a meal. I will call them asap and will probably dispute the charges. It’s been 6 days and I still don’t have it back. Wonderful, kind staff and great little restaurant called Powdered Sugar in the lobby. The Hyatt Centric French Quarter is conveniently located to all the action and fun on Bourbon Street, to many fantastic restaurants and jazz clubs, to several must see spots when in New Orleans, and you are able to easily walk to other neighborhoods. Batch Bar was good food drink, Powdered Sugar great staff, all over hotel staff were very accommodating and pleaseant. Not a flashy hotel but comfortable beds and very clean hotel one block from Bourbon Street action. A pleasure interacting with each and every one of them. This landmark resort, recently renovated with luxurious, modern amenities, is a short stroll from famous Bourbon Street, museums, fabulous dining and more. Beautiful hotel in a great area of New Orleans if you like the nightlife! Convenient entrance and exit on Burbon street, canal street and iberville street. I think the Front Desk staff acted promptly-the problem was Housekeeping. There is a nice little bar outside but it was not open on April when we were visiting. I've stayed at some places that remind folks to quiet down as they return to rooms, or at least provide earplugs. My room #219 was great for viewing several parades during Mardi Gras (visible while lying on the bed). When I had to work, the hotel made it easy for me to do so but when it came time to relax, the location of the hotel and its comfortable rooms were perfect. My wife and I found it to be a very comfortable base of operations. Room was clean and comfortable and I thought the price was worth it. Only issue I had was with a request for room service (coffee) one morning (Feb10) where an individual at the Powdered Sugar rudely told me that they had several order ahead of me and it would be 30 mins. Already planning a return visit for next year's French Quarter Festival! The pool and outdoor seating area were a welcome respite from the heat and the busy-ness of the Bourbon St. surroundings. old tub in room had rust..not a fan of chain hotels Marriott looked nicer as well as a bunch of other hotels in the area.
Offered to swap our room if needed and helped out when asked. And a major local 7 story department store was either within walking distance or just a few short minutes on the Lisbon metro. You can head over to Parque das Nações or go to the Chiado-Baixa area all from this station. Dom Afonso Henriques is a recently-refurbished, contemporary hotel situated only ten minutes away from the city centre of Lisbon that features complimentary breakfast and a quiet but central location. Only had a few hours in Lisbon due to connecting flight. Just a word of caution to first timers to this hotel or Lisbon in general, you are either going to be walking uphill or downhill just about everywhere, including to the hotel, which sits at the top of a hill, although it is within a few minutes walking distance from the metro station. A couple of decent restaurants in the area, but with such great metro access, you can easily have dinner anywhere in Lisbon, then hop on a train back to the hotel. Central Cultural de Belem, Parque das Nacoes, Vasco da Gama Tower, Ocenarium and Lisbon's Casino are also nearby. This hotel was convenient and helpful arranging a 4:30am shuttle back to the airport and offering suggestions on how to enjoy the few hours we had. Very welcoming and showed us around a map on arrival of things we may want to see. The buffet breakfast served each morning features a wide variety of freshly-prepared items served in a beautiful room with spectacular views of the city. If you didn't feel like traveling downtown towards the tourist areas, there were enough restaurants and cafes within walking distance to keep you satisfied. The hotel was located some distance away from the main tourist areas of Lisbon. There is not a lot in the area but it is very close to 2 metro stops so very easy to get into the city and explore. The smallest room I had ever seen in a hotel, anywhere. It would be great if they were a bit bigger. Would recommend this hotel for the price and the friendly staff. However, with the excellent public transportation system throughout Lisbon, it never seemed to be far away to just about anything that a person would want to get to. Even though the hotel was located in a more or less working class part of town, I never felt unsafe or hesitant to venture out on my own, especially after sundown. Services and amenities offered at this hotel include private parking, airport shuttle, complimentary Wi-Fi internet service, conference rooms, laundry facilities, currency exchange and childcare services. Air-conditioned rooms feature plasma television with cable channels, a telephone, a hair dryer, a safe and a private bathroom. Probably won’t stay there again, expensive parking and breakfast, no help on luggage very small place. Staff was very welcoming and accommodating and tried to answer all my questions to their best abilities. it is clean and quiet, nice place to spend the night, stroll in the neighborhood and have coffee with locals Dom Afonso Henriques is located close to Bela Vista Park, Lisbon International Fair, Bairro Alto and Mosteiro dos Jeronimos. The key card ran out every night so we had to go back down to reception to get it reset. Not a lot in the hotel but perfect for a good night's sleep so you can explore Lisbon.
Didn’t want a three day stay, was just looking for a one night place on the river walk. Lots of construction around the hotel so we had to detour to get to it. Overall...nice hotel, just wish it was in a different area. One of the reasons for staying this far away from downtown was to not have to valet park. What started out like a promising stay on a nice part of the SA Riverwalk turned out to be anything but! Guests travelling on business will also enjoy the business centre and conference facilities. From check-in to check-out, the experience was smooth and professional. Some of the rooms add on perks such as balconies with lovely views of the river. The location is perfect, however it is still a ways from the main attractions of the River Walk. Modern guest rooms offer visitors amenities including free Wi-Fi, minibars, flat-screen TVs, work desks and tea and coffee making facilities. Great area to walk on a less populated part of the Riverwalk. They took care of a billing issue with no problem. It was the weekend of Hurricane Patricia and it poured. We were surprised to find there is a $22 + tax per day valet parking fee. Located  away from the famed river walk though it backs up to the river walk it’s a good 10 minute walk through the restaurants and the bars etc The location on the River Walk Museum Reach was excellent. parking prices were too expensive considering it was in the parking lot just across the street from the hotel with no security in or out of the lot. I asked for a River Walk view but the rooms were all full. I saw a deal for X amount for a king suite... thinking okay the pics look nice, overlooks the riverwalk, (tbh construction of another hotel or apartments right across the street. If you're thinking that you might save money eating at the buffet, do you self a favor and either eat at their in-house restaurant or somewhere near by - your taste buds and you blood pressure will thank you. The staff that I had encounters with were very polite, professional, and friendly. My room was dirty with used cups of coffee and had no toiletries. They worked with us on late arrival with no questions asked and created us friendly and with a smile each time. The only flaw was there was no room to put anything in the fridge. I enjoyed the location, the amenities, & the friendly, courteous staff. Additionally, featuring living rooms, microwaves and minifridges are also available. Hotel taxies didnt come there tho we walked a long ways! It was everything I hope to get in a room. Great location; short walk to the peal and to the river walk The Wyndham Garden Museum Reach was was great right on the San Antonio River Walk. There are definitely better options for hotels that would be closer to the River Walk. Look into booking a room with balcony and pool/river view if you stay here. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I can promise you this will be my place to stay on every visit to San Antonio! The lady at the front desk on check in was rude, condescending, and made snarky comments. A darn nice place to be stuck indoors good restaurant, very nice staff and a great view of the river rising. Our room was nicely kept and the beds very comfortable. Great hotel, local cuisine,close to all the main attractions i.e. Also they had a snack tray with chips, cookies, etc that we had to hide from the kids every day so as not to incur excessive charges to our room - $4 bottle of water! Other than the buffet, it is great place to stay! For the amount of money paid for the room (high rate for subpar quality), this should completely be a continental breakfast! Not in the best part of town - felt a little unsafe. The location is not at the main area of the Riverwalk, more like an undeveloped area, but it is within walking distance of the main area. This hotel is perfect for a quiet and relaxing time. Only complaint is that there should have been the option of self parking (no fee) or valet parking ($22 fee + tip) but when we got there a wedding was going on at the hotel so we were forced to valet park. We drove 3 miles to the nearest iHop all 3 days we stayed here. We arrived early and there computer was down but Skylar was still able to check us in. Will need to drive (do not recommend since parking is limited) or Uber (used this twice and had no problems...$7-8 per ride) to get near restaraunts and entertainment. All through it was about a mile walk to the downtown, it was a very nice walk along the river. There is a lot directly across the street you pay for, but they hotel has a lot apparently for 18 dollars a day. Visitors can also spice things up at the hotel's Cajun restaurant, which features outdoor patio seating as well as a bar. So back to my main gripe, I ended paying almost one Hundred more with their so called fees... incidentals, I didn't eat any thing out of the room...didn't even make any complimentary coffee I stopped and picked up some coffee down the street so I called and the lady had me not knowing whether to scratch my watch or wind my behind,... Taxes I can understand... everyone has to pay those... but this is legit armed robbery... Be aware ladies and gentleman... Oh well lesson learned..  Never again... I don’t really care for the oy to Park and I’m not a valet type of guy. A vehicle parked in the self-park area ($18) was broken into during our stay. The hotel itself is nice but in a sort of sketchy neighborhood. When planning a special stay in San Antonio, this hotel is not a place that would help make your trip fit that desire. It would be nice to have TV's on each machine so we can watch TV to the right of all the machines without straining our neck. She also screwed up our keys leaving us locked out of the room. Wyndham Garden San Antonio is located near area bus stops and is also in close proximity to tourist attractions such as The Alamo, the San Antonio Museum of Art and the Pearl Brewery District. Instead they gave me a huge corner room that was great. The hotel also had a hotel/bar that seemed to be popular. Nice hotel right on riverwalk but had to walk a mile to get to shopping and resturants. Also the staff was more than willing to give recommendations and gave directions The breakfast buffet is an absolute waste of money, it was flavorless and overly salty to make up for the lack of flavor. My wife said the area seemed a little sketchy on our arrival. Wyndham Garden San Antonio is a stylish hotel situated along the picturesque San Antonio Riverwalk. I will be staying here again the next time I visit the city. Nice hotel close to the brewery and only a 20 minute walk to downtown Was very disappointed with the full size parking lot that they charged $22.00 a day plus tax, so add that cost to the room per day. We found our room to be very nice with a view of thr river walk. We were able to find free parking on the street. This hotel is also a pet friendly hotel which was why I booked here. The room was larger than many; the bed was fine. Felt a little uncomfortable walking home from town on the riverwalk at night, but pleasant and quiet during the daytime. We could walk to the San Antonio Museum of Art and a bit further away, the Pearl Brewery shopping area. Their outdoor patio was lovely which included a heated pool/Jacuzzi. Pillows were very tiny, like sofa   pillows,  Was not comfortable   Other than that, the staff was great and hotel was fine. We were out more than in the hotel,  but we did have the breakfast which was good. The hotel lot was not labeled on arrival, so you basically pay twice. We were in San Antonio for the Formula 1 race in Austin. The room was nice too, we were on the second floor with a river view. We asked for more on the 3rd day but they never brought them. Loved being on the river with an awesome restaurant- bar - music Nice hotel, but they nickel and dime you to death! It is a touch of a walk but it was very nice. We opted the valet our car instead of self park - $22 vs $18. Outdoor pool area was clean and kids had a blast. Paid parking is available on-site and 24-hour front desk services are also available  For dining options, the hotel features a breakfast cafe. They did not offer to comp parking or anything because of the confusion and were wuite rude about the mix up. I loved how the hotel was on the River walk but without the hustle of what you expect. Very off the beaten path in a shady part of town. You will pay a decent amount to park regardless of whether you use valet or not, primarily because you are downtown. The staff was friendly and helpful and offered suggestions for our stay on things we should see and restaurants to try. The check-in person was fast and explained everything about our stay. The hot tub was broken and when we told someone on staff they said Yes, it must be. You can take the riverboat shuttle as an option but didn't run too frequently during our February stay. Beautiful hotel with great service and amazing restaurant on the grounds. Hotel located on the far end of the river walk away from the main part of town but still beautiful view of the river. Breakfast prices to high, no indoor pool, and at the very end of the river walk. The shower is an awful setup, which pretty much drenches the entire floor, so you have to be extremely careful when you get out that you don’t slip and fall. The weather started out a bit gloomy but then was beautiful. We would stay there again the next time in San Antonio. If that’s ok with you, then you won’t have another complaint. Everything is perfect, except for them charging a fee for everything, and I mean everything. The hotel was very accessible to downtown and very clean, Staff was friendly and answered any questions we had. Great staff who is super friendly and attentive to your needs. Only issue my hubby had was that it's on the quieter end of the RiverWalk but that's more on me because i didn't check where it was located other than River Walk. I've never had a problem with them always clean with an excellent staff. You have to pay to park and parking is VERY hard to find, which pretty much forces your hand to pay for valet. This hotel is in a nice quiet area on the Riverwalk. It is a good Hotel, if you get a good rate. Great eats and attractions less than a mile from the hotel! Called reception and they didn’t help me because they were busy They had a small pool but it was raining all weekend so we didn't use it. Bed needs a more comfortable mattress with choice of feather pillows. Everything was wonderful from the staff to the room and facilities. Our stay was great overall,hotel was good, if I have onecomplain it would be that we were there on vacation and they were cutting the grass at 6 in the morning and we could hear everything, it kinda interrupted our sleeping in. Take a dip in the outdoor pool or work up a sweat at the fitness centre. We had the option to park on the street but finding a space was impossible.
Rooms have a kitchen and tea and coffee making facilities. From there is it fifteen minutes to the centre of Florence. The garden and first floor terrace are ideal for relaxing in. No elevator and very narrow stairs to get to your room. The Museo Zoologic, Museo di Santa Maria Nveolla and La Specola are all within walking distance of the villa. In 2011 Villa Il Mosaico was refurbished to compliment Florence’s renaissance architecture. There are six suites and four deluxe rooms on offer, all with private access. The rooms come with Wi-Fi, air conditioning, and kitchen facilities. The recently converted Villa Il Mosaico is located near to Florence city centre. The location was very good, a walking distance to the Tram Stop, a very convenient and fast trasnportation to the city center (10 minutes). We were a family of six and the apartment has 2 bedrooms and a sofa bed. Right next door is an excellent cafe and pizza restaurant. The villa consists of ten self-catering apartments set within a garden and courtyard. We just wished we could have stayed longer and enjoy the place.
Just couldn't allow us time to sort out the problem and pay in full the next day. Called checkers back 20 mins later and the lady said there were no smoking rooms. I noticed it was a non-smoking room with a king bed when we got in the room with our luggage. Pampering sessions can be arranged at the spa, and there is a rooftop pool and jacuzzi offering views of the city. The hotel is about a 10 to 15 min walk to a few restaurants and a mall. Guests requiring a workout can make use of the fitness centre. The rep I spoke with said yes, so I booked. My boyfriend and I walked across the street to dine at Water Grill, a 5 star restaurant with delicious sea food & excellent wines from Napa Valley. The employees, the room, the food at the restaurant were all first class. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served at the on-site restaurant, and there is also a cocktail lounge. A small group of friends & I went on a trip to LA/southern California. I stayed here a few nights when I was in Los Angeles for a conference. We stayed 2 nights and were headed to the Rose Parade and Bowl Game. My card was charged for extra costs I was not explained what they were. This almost felt like having one's own private apartment in the city. I will never book this hotel again, it is in a really bad location. we had two luggage when I got there with my girlfriend. Non-smoking rooms can be booked, and some rooms are designed for the disabled. The business centre offers access to the Internet as well as printing, fax and photocopying services. We walked to the sixth street bar one night and had the best hamburgers ever! I've stayed here about 3-4 times, I get the same receptionist every time --she's new. It looked like the bathroom mirror was going to fall down and brake. The hotel is a short walk from two metro stations, so it’s a good base camp for exploring LA via public transit. The LA Hop-on-Hop-off passes by the hotel every 30 minutes. So she asked the lady for the access card, then came down again 5 minutes later because the lady gave the wrong card. Good location , Valet parking price was high, used garage across the street for 1/3 the price. The room was dusty, smelled as it had not been refreshed. Had an unexpected problem with my payment card when checking in, a staff at the front desk spoke crudely, implicating that we would have to find another place if payment couldn't get through right away. Uncoolest feature: the $45 fee to park in the hotel garage overnight (but it's downtown L.A. so that's likely to be the same at most of its competitors). This was our second stay and we enjoyed it as much as the first. Check in was easy, the room very clean & comfy. Not until I had to explain I already spoke to someone at the front desk did the room become available. Avoid the rooms on the 1st floor which I was in the night before. Wish someone told me that parking was terrible in LA. Also close by are the Grammy Museum, Los Angeles Convention Center, Walt Disney Concert Hall and the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels. One the 10th floor this time, and it was terrific. We eventually had to seek help from a friend who stays in a nearby hotel and got the rest paid for with his card. When she told the lady, the lady just said, oh, is it? The hotel is in the heart of downtown near the tallest building in LA. Smaller double beds but still made for a good night's sleep. I really don't care for her or the older lady that always works the same shift with her. I really wish they had a more welcoming staff because I do like the property. Around 8-9am they were working in the room next to us, and all we kept hearing was banging on the wall. My last stay took me 1.5+ hours just to check in, because she didn't know how to properly take payment from orbitz!!! Before booking my last stay, I called the hotel to see if they had any smoking rooms available for that evening (because there's only 2 in the whole building). Parking at the hotel is pricey so we purchase reserve parked for $12/night at another garage a few blocks away. The lady gave her a second card, my partner went up to the restroom and then came down again for 3rd time because this lady gave her the wrong access card two times in a row. I always book through orbitz when staying here, and she's had issues with the payment/checking me in EVERY SINGLE TIME. We stayed at 4 different hotels and during our stay. This is the first time to live in Hilton Checkers, and I did not feel great about this experience. Restaurants, theatres and nightclubs are within walking distance of the hotel. Its right in the heart of LA but yet it's so calm and comfy. The 188 rooms and suites have a work area with an ergonomic chair, flat screen TV, 3 phones, a coffee maker and designer toiletries. I would pick this hotel again if I were coming to the area. Nice bar/ lounge with TV's where you can have appetizers or dinner. The hotel is obviously older, but in pretty good shape. Overpriced don't waste your time it's tiny sucked sucked sucked sucks small stuffy expensive small tiny beat However, when we went back to take our luggage from concierge and was waiting, my partner wanted to use the restroom and went up to mezzanine floor, then came down to front desk because the restroom door was locked. Vallet is about $50 after tax which is the average price for downtown LA hotels. They do have computers with free internet access for guest to use. Close to the Music Center and the pleasures of the Disney and the Broad This is a nice little hotel located in the heart of downtown L.A. Just across the street from the Water Grill and within a few blocks of great restaurants on 7th and Wilshire streets. Both indoor and outdoor spaces are available for business meetings and social events. Both wired and wifi Internet access is available in all areas for an extra charge. Very close to Dodger stadium which is another reason it appealed to us. This was a smallish (compared to typical hiltons), lovely, historic hotel right in the middle of fun, walkable neighborhood). Close to where I needed to be during the day. On the Thursday night we were there, the Checkers also happened to be the least expensive room in what I would consider to be it's category. I only come because it's close to my office and work late hours. You also need your hotel room card to access almost everything in the building: lobby bathrooms, elevator etc. Super unprofessional staff who does not belong in this reputable hotel, shame on u. Finally, I gave up and I was tired to ask again for a one-king-bed room with smoking room. Jacuzzi on the roof top deck, but we did not get it. The lobby bar tender was slow to get to us given the empty bar- but he was probably filling a room-service cocktail order. I didn't know Hilton had such substandard service, or perhaps Checkers is meant to be a substandard version of it, or, maybe my impression of Hilton was an illusion afterall. Best to take a train into town and use taxis or public transportation to get around DTLA. Coolest feature: the rooftop patio and hot tub which provide a great place to relax and take in the view of some of the recognizable buildings of the downtown skyline. The hotel is close to the subway stations at Pershing Square and 7th Street. We ordered breakfast in bed at the hotel as well. However, they gave me two double-sized bed because queen sized bed is not available. I asked the clerk to change another room, then I got a smoking room with two queen beds... A quick trip to Walgreens and RiteAid can be done for basic needs. There for a business meeting, easy access to meeting and dinner. But they surcharged two nights for $209/night without notifying me. Awesome experience, clean room and lobby, amazing rooftop view with Jacuzzi The Hilton Checkers Los Angeles Hotel is a 4-star property situated on South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles. I'm not sure if it's true or not, but every time I check in her aura makes me feel as if I'm not welcomed in this hotel or she's trying to figure out why a young black woman is able to afford such a hotel stay so often. The staff are friendly and had a few recommendation for my vegan diet. The Hilton Checkers have some of the nicest people ever!! After a few attempts we managed to pay for the first night, but was still rudely warned that the yet unpaid-for nights will be cancelled, meaning we will have to make a separate reservation for those nights (at a different price of course). I was in town with a friend to see the Orpheus & Eurydice opera at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion. The rooftop deck is a great place to take your glass of wine and enjoy the view. The environment was very nice as well as the staff. We had a very welcoming check in at around 9pm when we arrived late, speedy check in (forgot the lady's name) and speedy check out ( thanks to Jack at the front desk) and location of hotel is very central and convenient. they have a rooftop jacuzzi/lounge that is only available when the penthouse is not being rented out. When I stayed at this hotel I stayed in room 108.
Centrally located in the heart of Paris and just minutes from Sacré Coeur Basilica, Pavillon Opéra Lafayette offers cosy accommodations with easy access to Notre-Dame-de-Lorette Metro Station. Guests can stay in single rooms, double rooms, or twin rooms. Both the day and night staff went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. Pavillon Opéra Lafayette is a smoke-free property that features a 24-hour front desk, daily maid service, concierge services, and an elevator. The room is about 8'x8' (2.5mx2.5m) When the upper resident uses his bathroom, my room got stinky The show size is 2'x2' (0.5mx0.5m) The shower is broken The nearest metro station is about 350m away. The internet was not working more than half the time I was there. Last day I came to find that my room was left unlocked after cleaning. Everytime you leave, you need to leave your keys at reception... not safe at all. The bathroom was really small... on the nice side, it is walking distance to very nice restaurants, post office, metro, and bus stop. Dirty rooms Noisy doors: I complained and I had been told it was done to know when someone is going in the room Room toilet smelled bad Terrible staff The hotel has a nice location with 3 metro lines arround 300m it's not a hotel, I can say hostel also better then this hotel. rooms are very small and bathroom was very very small. Many restaurants that serve lunch and dinner are just a short walk away. Nearby attractions include Folies Bergere, Galeries Lafayette, Notre Dame Cathedral, and Opéra Bastille. The toilet was so close to the wash basin that a special manoeuvre is require to use the toilet. However, the single room I had was cold near the walls. First day, room was unclean with rubbish left inside bins, bed had hair from previous guests and towels were wet. I ask for change me pilow, he replyed, we don't have very rudely. The windows didn`t close properly so the cold air came in as well. A shuttle service to the airport is available for a surcharge. Public parking is available nearby for an additional cost, while common areas are equipped with high-speed wired Internet access. You can't even brush your teeth with close door , there is no room. Disadvantages:  We were promised separate twin beds during the reservation but NO twin beds were available when we arrived. All rooms come with a phone and a flat-screen TV with digital channels, while bathrooms are private and include hairdryers and showers. The staff was very helpful, and overall is not a bad place if you are going to spend most of your time exploring Paris, like us. No TV No fridge Some of the electricity plugs don't work No free coffee machine in the lobby Very small bathroom No Klenex in the room   Advantages: Clean room Nice staff Quiet hotel Nice area comfortable and clean bed The hair dryer in the bathroom is good The WiFi speed is OK A buffet breakfast is available each morning for a surcharge. Next time, I will get a double room - maybe the toilet is better.
A ton of places to sit outside and take in a gorgeous evening, plus a great pool and a funky little lobby bar with friendly staff. Very well kept landscaping and buildings in keeping with the period and style of the original architecture. The headboard of the bed has some type of smear. It twists and turns makes it very interesting even enjoyable just to walk the property. Such a fun location up on the hill, beautiful views of Dallas in different directions. I Will DEFINITELY NOT BE COMING BACK TO THIS APPARENTLY VINTAGE MOTEL. An extra outlet by the bed for a charger is a must today, even if it's a lamp with an outlet. First this is not really a hotel it is a motel, All doors to rooms are exterior hence the noises from emergency sirens all night. If I paid almost $200 I would think it is an actual vintage hotel, clean, and has a nice appeal when in the room. I had a room and it was too small so I upgraded for more space. The cheapest rooms in the main building are very old and dated, I recommend staying in the bungalows with the views. They are sparsely decorated and old furniture and not very clean. The desk said a remodel is scheduled for this summer. There are no regulations for pet size or breed at this hotel so beware. Used the hotel to go to the Dallas vs Eagles game, first time staying here and more than likely will be using them again. Honestly, the comfort level was on par with a $70/night roadside budget motor inn rather than a destination hotel for $170/night. A 16-minute drive, Dallas Arboretum and Botanical Garden offers beautiful grounds and fountains to explore. The restaurant next door, Smoke is really good and a lot of fun Guests can enjoy a work-out at nearby Clairevista Vitality Health Club and laundry services are also available. This little gem makes you feel as though you have stepped back in time to the glamorous and chic days of old time Hollywood. Charged once per day but if you don't take car daily then won't be charged for next day if you don't take car in and out of hotel possession Our dog was viciously attacked by another dog staying at this hotel while we were evacuating Houston from Hurricane Harvey. I saw pictures of the rooms online and fell in love with the style, but when I got there the room wasn't anything like the pictures. Some rooms are pet friendly and terrace suites offer a patio with a hot tub. There is no free breakfast in the morning and all parking is valet. I felt like we were in a shelter, not a 3.5 star hotel. If you are telling me this is a funky 1940s motor inn than you need to at least change the carpet, make sure it does not smell, clean the room, change the pillows, provide the same type of room that the pictures on your website and expedia has instead of misleading guests. We ordered queen beds but received a room with full beds. The Hotel Belmont in Dallas Texas should be removed from your list as I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. I'm not sure I'll stay again, which is a bummer because I was fond of the place. Very relaxed, cool design, nice bar/lounge area and very helpful staff. I will certainly be visiting again and hopefully for many years to come! I came here for a birthday - Smoke is one of our favorite restaurants... the hotel front desk agent on the evening of 3.21.18 was rude and snotty. The parking lot they do have is no where near the hotel, not in a good neighborhood, and of course they are not responsible for theft or damage. The shower didn't drain, the carpet was threadbare, the room had an unpleasant odor, and there weren't enough power outlets. The neighborhood is mixed but seems to be moving in an positive direction. The comforter had holes all in it and the bathroom towels are thin and threadbare. Rooms have only the bare essentials...bath toiletries, a tv the size of a computer monitor, and one bottle of water for two people to share. There are no elevators but we were changed to a downstairs suite that was great except for the box frame around each bed. The parking situation is horrible unless you want to pay 15 per night for valet . The rooms are big, but for the price paid, were a little Spartan. The bathroom looked like a scene from SAW or just something from 1940s...but nothing was renovated. A wonderful getaway, whether for a weekend or a full vacation. It is easy to bump into and bruise your legs. I understand the charm of old hotels, but this was ridiculous. The towels were few and the bath towel was extremely small even for a woman. Ended up with a room with a living area that housed the flat screen, mini fridge, for two dining table. Belmont Hotel’s Smoke Restaurant is the place to grab a breakfast snack, a light lunch and a sophisticated evening meal, all using locally sourced ingredients where possible. The Belmont has so much potential but unfortunately falls short on comfort and atmosphere. The walls are thin and you can hear every word being spoken next door. You could also hear the loud music from the first floor from our room, valet locking cars with the key fob making a beep  in front in the morning. The AT&T Stadium, home of the Dallas Cowboys NFL team, is 20 minutes by car. Since it was chipping...I have stayed at boutique hotels and this was by far the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed at. Our lab is 60 lbs and very kind, he was violently attacked by a 130 lb pitbull. You can't just throw a room together and charge a customer that much. The rooms are under furnished and the carpets are filthy. We had an issue upon check-in which hotels.com was utterly unable to help with, but the Belmont manager made everything all-right. We could have walked straight from the outside to our room, instead, we had to always use the main stairs at the front of our building. We only stayed for a night but we had a blast. The only issue we had was the door to the outside on our floor could not be opened with our key card (policy not malfunction). Had to upgrade to a bigger room initially...  Great lounge/bar area. I'm the sitting area there's a smalle bathroom with shower. The Belmont, a 1940s hotel built in the Art Moderne style, is a ten-minute drive from downtown Dallas and features modern minimalist accommodation with stunning views over the city. Was really excited about staying here...the online pictures created an expectation for a classy, trendy, boutique experience with a unique and energetic atmosphere, however, reality was disappointing. If you are expecting luxury this is not for you. I fell in love instantly and I will be back any time I am in the area. This place has no upgrades and have children running the front desk. The staff was super friendly and helpful but the rooms are a little too Spartan. I was put in the 'quite' wing right next to the slamming door, why wouldn't they have a soft close on that door so those around the door don't have to hear it open and close every time a guest comes in and out? That is by far disgusting because I'm pretty sure they didn't even clean the room properly. There is absolutely no character beyond the lobby or in the rooms in the main building. I would RUN from this place as in my opinion it is a motel with an ego in a horrible neighborhood. The selection of rooms and suites offer at least one queen or king size bed, a flat panel television and complimentary Wi-Fi. The coffee in the lobby was probably the best hotel coffee ever! It was a great experience!, the location was great and the people were friendly. Minimalism is one thing, but I do not think comfort needs to suffer as a result. It was a dingy room, smelled awful, pillows were flat and smelled. They even left a personalized welcome note in the room! The hotel grounds were nice but the room itself (single queen) smelled of old smoke, had a dated bathroom, lacked comfort and furniture that matched the aesthetic of the hotel itself. For the price, the beds, pillows and linens  (even the toilet paper) should be MUCH more comfortable. I love this hotel but it is now giving the appearance of needing a sprucing up. I paid $180 for a full sized bed and room that looked worse than a motel 6. It is an old hotel with some renovations but it is clean and comfortable. In this room was a king size bed very comfy, two night stands, a Chester and what I can only describe as a bowl tub. Well, at least we knew it was a secure place! The bathroom fan didn't work, there was no hot water that came out of the sink facet and the shower was warm at best. I'd recommended to all travelers looking for a unique hotel experience. It's making me add a bit more, I don't know what else to say, I was disappointed with the rooms. I have pictures I will post of the bathroom and that looks NOTHING like the expedia pictures. I did not pay attention to the details that included an additional $15 Valet parking charge. Fantastic views from the terraces and the beautiful historic pool. I didn't have a terrible stay, there was a nice view from the window and it was close to downtown Dallas, but initially walking in was a little disappointing. This hotel has all the architectural details to be a fun and hip hotel, but unfortunately does not have iany interiior features that bring this place to life. The room was supposed to be handicap accessible as my wife is in a wheelchair. Looking forward to return visit and will be happy to let others know about experience The staff for the most part was nice but they were not shy about telling people the hotel is 80 years old and that's just how it is. Upon arrival, we were still excited...the location and the grounds are nice and the valet staff were super helpful and friendly. I'm pretty sure they put us in a room that was basic. We were also charged the pet fee eventhough our animal spent the night in the pet hospital after he received emergency surgery from the attack. Smoke, the restaurant on the premises, is pricy but had fantastic food. I might give it a better review in the spring when everything is in bloom. I was expecting a wonderful experience - similar to the Parker hotel - old world charm with upgrades. On the plus side if you end up in the City jail you're only 5 blocks or so away and there are plenty of bail bondsmen real close by. The hotel is in a area being gentrified so on one side of the street is very. I talked to the desk clerk about it, but still haven't received my refund from the hotel for the amount overcharged. I paid extra for room with a view, but trees grew in front of my window! I was basically forced to stay here due to a convention in town and proximity to the location where I was working. The rooms are not what is represented on the website. 'The furniture is knicked and dated (in a bad way), the carpeting smelled like mildew and the bedding needed more pillows and blankets that were fresh. I was charged by expedia for the room and then charged again for the room at check in. Overall it's with a visit just be ready to do some cleaning. Awesome staff, from the valets to the manager, friendly and knew my name on arrival. There are no vending machines in the hotel at all but the staff was kind enough to point me to the dollar store across the street. Entering the lobby, you become aware that the hotel decor is very minimal, which works in this neighborhood. The couches in the living area were moderately clean at best but not disgusting. The bed wasn't terribly comfortable, but the bathroom was nice and the general ambiance was so fun we didn't sweat the small stuff. On the other side of the room is the bedroom area separated by I guess just a cathedral opening.
kitchen light over sink, wall plug and coffee maker didn't work. The bug that ran out (not a cricket ) from under the fridge was friendly enough to require my wife to put her bleach wipes to work and after wiping down the room and replacing the linens with the moving blanket from the truck I was able to convince her to stay. Blood stain in the shower, bugs crawling on the walls. In spite of this being only one room, why in the world was it rented in the first place. Missing towels and table in room was very sticky like a drink spoiled but was not cleaned. After unloading the truck and hauling everything up the stairs... Hotel was in poor condition and remote and telephone  didn't work. We were downgraded and not told to accomidate the 2nd night. There were visible crusty stains on the bed spread, the towels were dirty. I was treated like I had the plague and was assigned to a room at the farthest end of the hotel. Guests can use their suite’s kitchenette and self-cater and a complimentary breakfast is provided each morning. My wife and I slept for  about 4 1/2 hours in that room before we demanded a full refund of our reservation after waking up. The sheets had stains and splotches all over them and the door had the distinct quality of one that has been kicked in once or twice before. The internet access code we were given did not work. All suites include a well-equipped kitchenette, cable television service and tea/coffee-making facilities as well as a private bathroom that comes with complimentary toiletries. the extractor in the bathroom was making a terrible noise and the light fixture on top of sink did not work, not enough lighting in the room when we were getting ready The 2 night confirmed reservation for a King Suite was not recognized . There were bulbs missing from the light fixtures but from what you could see the room was spot cleaned at best. You have to go to the Roadway Inn next door to check in. Beds were aweful, Hotel is run down, had to go by new sheets at local store. It is not a five star hotel but it was nice and comfortable. burn holes in comforter, three flat pillows for a king size bed. We left the hotel and looked for another hotel to stay at. Refrigerator didn't work and after I made a call to front desk another was brought to the room in less than 5 mins. End up rentin another hotel left home gates same day even a motel 6 is better than this My room was supposed to be a smoke free room and it smelled line cigarette. I think that Travelocity should not even advertise this hotel all. Checked in mid  evening staff was very nice and helpful and friendly to. The pictures they to view the property are completely different than how it really looks. Door lock was not in place, door remained semi open for the night Downtown San Antonio and The Alamo are roughly thirteen miles from this HomeGate Studios & Suites location while San Antonio Medical Center and Fiesta Park are within three miles. The bathtub was extremely dirty as if it had not been cleaned in a long time. The room was terrible I had a feeling of bedbugs in thr bedroom all my body was itching no no that was the bad thing experience ever, I couldn't enjoyy staying in San Antonio Not just leaving a negative review but also wrote to HomeGate it was so bad. The Hotel can use some improvements but overall it was a pleasant stay.Some minor cosmetic issues but nothing big. The walls were dirty and some had plaster repairs but very visible. My wife and I were moved to a different room right after I complained...that room was not as dirty but it also looked as if the kitchen was falling apart. I didn't stay a single minute longer than it took to walk in look around and determine that my shoes shouldn't even be walking on the wet carpet. Room was filthy,  only 1 towel,  only ice machine was near office which is the roadway inn next door. We were looking forward to soaking in the hot tub, but it did not work and the water was cold. Power went out in the middle of night but was restored pretty quick Located in San Antonio, within three miles of Six Flags Fiesta Texas, HomeGate Studios & Suites San Antonio Fiesta Park features an on-site outdoor swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. The one plus to my stay is that the heater worked great, which was necessary because I wasn't brave enough to risk sleeping under the covers. Very bad hotel and staff not up to any standards, stay away from booking at this hotel Under renovations and doesn't even look lije the pictures. Well first off I got there at 1130 that morning and they tries to tag me for an extra 30 dollars to check in early called Orbitz and they too were no help so me and two children had to drive around town for a bit 4 hours there was a hole in the carpet and tacks sticking through it the pull out couch mattress look like it had stains all over it and then at 6 the trash truck comes though and wakes u up The door appeared to be crooked and I'm not sure if the lock worked properly. It was the bug on her pillow at 5am the resulted in our mass exodus. Room, I won’t go to detail but I didn ’t even asked for exchanged I made up my mind I reserve different place for tommorow. My room came with a small kitchenette but I wouldn't eat or drink anything during your stay, at the risk of catching some sort of disease. free breakfast was waffles and toast or muffins and cereal. Room was just so dirty and no attempt even to clean. The smoke detector was inside a drawer instead of on the ceiling. The kitchen cabinets doors were falling off of their hanging brackets. A Little over a week it was good quiet very clean.....and a helpful staff The sink wouldn’t drain so the water would stay standing for almost an hour. was not worth what I paid for the two nights I stayed. Hey the picture of the hotel is out of date.by 10 years and the room didn't have a phone or smoke alarm plus the sink wasn't working and the A/C broke down in the middle of the night. The worse part is that I started to suffer from an asthma attack. The remote did not work as well as the phone. After a long, tiring drive I stayed one night at HomeGate out of necessity. There was a strong presence of mold in the room. I am highly allergic to mold and could not stop coughing. No parties ,and no  odd  people hanging around   . No trash cans in room,  but room sevice did clean. There were few saving graces about this hotel: dirty, worn and broken down, stained sink and tub, electrical outlets missing covers, curtains had to be pinned closed. There were cockroaches in the early morning roaming around the sink area. smoke detector beeped the whole time and was not fixed. In addition to the swimming pool, guests are provided with access to on-site fitness facilities, a spa tub and a 24-hour front desk as well as free Wi-Fi which is accessible in all areas of the hotel including the suites. Only thing in my experience restroom need to be remodel and cleaned really good. The place is hidden and dark but the room was cleaned and comfortable Had to buy our own air freshener because the smell was too strong. Breakfast was pretty good but otherwise was a disappointing experience. I am so surprised this hotel exists in a nice area. Dark environment and staff is not friendly, ghetto experience in nice NW part of town. Room was dirty...it looked like it was about to fall apart. The hotel was very run down and not in the greatest neighborhood. There was no deadbolt, and it appeared as if the door was slightly open.
We had requested two double beds and had to wait for them to find this room type to accommodate us. And their staff was largely unapologetic for the inconvenience continually repeating that the electric issue wasn't their fault. The Good: Location, the beds, the breakfast, the decor The staff and customer service is uneven at best. room was a bit small and the bed was hard up against the wall. The hotel features six meeting rooms capable of hosting up to 200. I especially appreciate they the hotel has adopted the sheet cover of the duvet. I wish I would've used the concierge service more because there were a lot of services I didn't use but should've. We found several places outside of the hotel that were excellent for both breakfast and dinner. We have not had any part of our stay that wasn’t the best. The place is welcoming and located in a very nice area of central london. There were no signs of wear and tear and they were clean, but just old style. TV didn't work very well and hot rail in bathroom didn't work at all. The rooms were small and old fashioned, but in excellent condition. Restaurant was under construction at the time, but little noise came from the work area. The overall location was very good, 2 museums and of course Harrods, and lots of nice shops. To get to the sitting area in the room I had to squeeze by the end of the bed and a corner wall. You just have to be prepared to walk a bit. Great neighborhood- close to South Kensington tube station and Harrod’s. A historic hotel built in 1911, The Rembrandt sits across the street from the Victoria and Albert Museum and just a five minute walk from South Kensington’s tube station. They charged an additional 15 pounds per day for my daughter to stay with me. As for our room-it was a newer room on the back and was very comfortable and clean and quiet. Once they discovered this, instead of figuring out another equivalent room (I had purchased an Executive room, and was by request on the 6th floor with a view), they kept me waiting, and finally put me on the 2nd floor in an upgraded room with no view. The Rembrandt’s 193 guestrooms all boast free Wi-Fi, a comfortable work desk, tea and coffee making facilities, state-of-the-art smart TVs and a minibar. Although I believe they have standard rooms available, they gave me a very small room. However it was achieve gesture by the hotel management to arrange a partial refund of tea price .... We arrived after making reservations through Travelocity to find the reservation was made for a single occupant only. This accommodation is also known as Rembrandt Hotel, Rembrandt Hotel London, Rembrandt London, and The Rembrandt Hotel London. This is a very nice hotel in a great location. There was a computer with a printer in the lobby. The hotel staff at check in was efficient and pleasant. Glad we went with the upgrade, as it was rather small, but comfortable. Incredible location too, V&A museum is literally across from The Rembrandt, the natural history and science museums only a block away, and Harrods just down the road. It took 2 hours to move me in the middle of a busy work day. The king sized bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows. Hi quality hotel in the heart of the South Kensington museum area. Small fixes in training and attitude, and willingness to apologize (immediately...not just from their FB managers) will go a long way in making this a very good hotel, instead of an acceptable one with a good location. Moreover, the adjacent Aqulla Health and Fitness Centre features a heated indoor pool, sauna and whirlpool and is open to guests at a discounted rate. A five minute walk to the Piccadilly Underground with quick access to Piccadilly Cicus, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, Coventry Garden, and all of the West End. Hotel was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpful. Hardly worth the effort, and leaving me feeling more cheated. You always have to get a Manager (most of whom are very well trained) who are not nearby, because their offices are in a different part of the hotel. This is a charming hotel that is close to museums & the south Kensington tube station. They even held our reservation for late check-in as we didn't get there until around 10pm. The only issue I had is that the room was a little dated and not as modern as I had expected. After a month being cold, wet, and muddy, living in a sleeping bag, The Rembrandt was like stepping into paradise!! The doors to the balcony would not close completely so there was a draft in the room. Great location, close to the underground and museums; as well as Harrods and other shopping. one of the best Concierge's ew have never experienced in the U.S.A. They offered a massage to compensate, and when I got to the spa, it was booked for just 20 minutes. Perfect hotel at walking distance to exhibition road, Hyde park... We were led to believe that our package included breakfast only to find out when we arrived that there was an up charge of around $25 per. A nice touch was the umbrella in the closet - fortunately we did not need it during our stay! Tube stop minutes away and right across the street from the Victoria and Albert museum. I arrived at The Rembrandt after a month spent camping and hiking. The rooms were clean and the amenities that came with the hotel were great. I will still come back to The Rembrandt, but I hope they improve on these areas just mentioned. Each night it seemed the bed was clean and ready. The desk staff are not trained well, and argue rather than assist guests when things are out of the ordinary. The room temp was a bit difficult to regulate (too warm), but we were able to open the window to get just enough cool air in. We were close to many sites and getting to the train was easy. When I needed to be at the airport before the underground transport started they said No problem and got me a taxi to Paddington Station for 10 pounds so I could catch the Heathrow Express. It is located in a rather quiet area, not near shops or restaurants, but not too far either. They always had a smile and always found the time to help whenever we had questions. It was a short walk from the South Kensington Underground station so getting around anywhere in London was super easy and safe. The staff fixed a minor misunderstanding over an extra charge and went about it in a professional manner. The purpose of this trip was to explore the V & A. Make sure you get the from you booked, as sometimes they will give u a classic room for an executive! We used it for  getting around with Google Maps. The Rembrandt is a good hotel, in a great location. They had our room ready at 11 am which was so nice since the kids were so tired. The only reason four instead of five stars was given related to the age, size, and dowdiness of the rooms, though as stated, there were clean and well maintained Good location, a bit tired looking and breakfast was very busy. good large hotel, busy at breakfast time but good food at breakfast The only negative is the breakfast is lacking for a full English breakfast. I really liked that you had to use your room key to be able to press the floor button in the elevator! Check in and Check out was super fast and easy. We had a Grand room (king bed and sofa bed) - no view, but we weren't in London to look at the view from the hotel. The bed was exceptionally comfortable with multiple pillows and clean starched sheets. I had a complimentary iphone to use during my stay, I had incredible room service options [I ordered amazing pizza] I had a jet bath, I had a lovely quiet peaceful room, and I was even able to leave my bags there after checkout as my flight wasn't until later in the day. I arrived looking like a dead thing, filthy, and probably stank, and was half expecting a few disapproving glances, but received only smiles, helpfulness and a warm welcome! My favorite thing is that the hotel provides a free smart phone for us to use while we were there. But overall this was a terrific value and I would definitely stay here again. Great location and lovely room-  Restaurant was being upgraded which spoiled the ambiance somewhat- especially as we had arranged sparkling afternoon tea! The Hotel appears as a boutique hotel at Brompton Road. The location is excellent, within a 5 minute walk you can go to,V&A museum,Science museum,tube station , Harrods and for us a Starbucks The English breakfast was delicious and plentiful  and the neighborhood was nice. I really liked that there were complimentary bottles of water which were restocked every day. The full Wnglish breakfast buffet bar is the finest we’ve experienced in London. Great hotel staff were more than friendly  Food is good place is clean and it’s in a good location cose to tubes and stuff I will definitely be back in the near future to stay again The breakfast buffet was at times busy but the staff did their best and I am amazed at how great they were in keeping all the food going and replenishing the items. We used it for discount codes and to buy tickets. It is very near Royal Albert Hall, the V&A and the Natural History Museum. I told the hotel when booking the room that we were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary, when we arrived they had given us a very nice room with a bottle of wine and a small soap gift box. With Royal Albert Hall, Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace all in close proximity, guests can conveniently connect with famous cultural destinations, as well as nearby shopping and dining options. This time they missed the mark however: (1) Room was very musty, and that smell pervaded the room; (2) Temperature was not warm enough for me despite putting thermostat on Hot; (3) Hair Dryer was not functioning properly, took a VERY long time to blow dry hair. Free use of the spas next door, complimentary breakfast, a cell phone to take with you around town that had access to all Google services and allowed me to call home for free. We have been staying here a few times a year for the past 5 years. Since there is no breakfast in the world worth that, we got our own outside of the hotel. They provided a full English breakfast every morning which is an excellent way to start your day. In addition to 24-hour room service and free full English and continental breakfast buffet, the Palette Restaurant and Carvery and 1606 Lounge Bar and Conservatory Bars offer cosy spaces and quality cuisine. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and found the hotel to be ideally situated. Very good for museums, Harrods, and the Royal Albert Hall. South Kensington stop is literally 5 minutes away and is on the Piccadilly line.The staff is excellent and very friendly and helpful.
Hotel is on a road which is closed to motorized traffic from  10am-2am. Non-smoking guest rooms feature coffee and tea facilities, an LED Smart TV, bathrobes, slippers, premium bedding, a minibar, air conditioning, complimentary bottled water, a hair dryer, a safe and blackout curtains. I had a nice stay at the Hotel Santa Justa while in Lisbon. Pedro at the front desk was very knowledgeable about recommendations on where to eat and other info as well as the other staff members which made it easier to explore Lisbon! We were very impressed with the quality of the hotel. My room was quite small and a little awkwardly laid out, but this I think is due to the age of the building (though the interior is very modern), which makes for some unique room shapes. The only possible drawback is that rooms are a little small without a good place for luggage, but we were able to work around it without a problem. Housekeeping leaves much to be desired with respect to putting away iron/ironing board regularly, picking up trash, and leaving toiletries and wash cloths daily so hotel guest don't have to keep calling/going to front desk. The staff is more than friendly, willing always to help. , so carrying in the luggage is a little hassle. This beautiful hotel provides 5 star service from check in until you check out. However Lisbon does get cold in the winter months so they should allow for that. Very enjoyable experience due to central location.Check in was easy. Everyone was so friendly and helped us with everything we needed!! The hotel is in the best possible location, the hotel staff was exceptional, the room was the cleanest on our 3 week Europe trip, and the free mini-bar and treats left in our room were a nice treat. The best part of my stay was really the location though, which was great for restaurants, etc, but also made it very easy to walk to any other part of the city. I would highly recommend this hotel and wish I could remember the name of the hotel clerk that works mornings who made restaurant recommendations and reservations. Hotel was not easy to find as you can not drive up to the entrance way but must walk a block or two. The pictures are a bit misleading and the hotel is essentially in an alley. The rooms were typical in size, but VERY clean and comfortable. The staff was so helpful - from providing directions to helping with an early morning (5am) car to the airport, they were just wonderful. Ideal central location great staff who were all knowledgeable and helpful throughout our stay . Great location although you have to run the gauntlet of the restaurant hawkers every time you leave the hotel. This was a wonderful hotel, great location, close to everything!’ The staff at this hotel are amazing!! Terrific boutique hotel in a perfect location Friendly staff - moderate prices and cool appointments We stayed at the Santa Justa for 3 nights & loved our stay. The rooms face another building and I felt a bit claustrophobic. Right off Rossio Square in the heart of the old city. A buffet breakfast is served each morning at the Elevador Coffee-Bar and a wide variety of drinks are served at the on-site bar. Santa Justa Hotel is located close to many attractions including Santa Justa Hotel Lift, Augusta Street Shopping District, Figueira Square, Rossio Square, Castle of Sao Jorge and Lisbon Cathedral. The weather was very cold and as this is unusual I felt they weren't really geared up for it. Lots of places walkable also excellant transport links for everywhere in lisbon. We would definitely recommend this hotel and it is in an excellent location in the old part of Lisbon. Very friendly and helpful staff, excellent breakfast and lovely modern and spacious room. Good breakfast at the hotel.. Take a cac, tuktuk, or Hop On- Hop Off bus to the more remote tourist sights. Small hotel with personal service and a high standard of cleanliness. The size was totally fine for 1 person and there was a terrific city view out my 6th floor window. We were so impressed with the location, quiet and spacious suite and the fact that we had complementary drinks that were provided was fantastic! The staff was great - at first I couldn't figure out how to turn on the lights in the room so one of the front desk staff came up to show me personally. My compliments to front desk staff for being so helpful for navigation around town. Services and amenities offered at the hotel include bicycle rentals, childcare service, laundry facilities, an airport shuttle, complimentary Wi-Fi, concierge service, a tour desk and 24-hour front desk. This hotel, the room, level of service, staff, décor, and location was an amazing surprise. Perfect to walk to almost all of the city sights. They have a restaurant/cafe in the hotel, but I didn't take advantage of it. Nice experience, easy tu find and woking distance to the most important attraction We knew location was very central and we liked the area. We loved it, everyone was so friendly and the location was perfect! The Hotel itself add so much to the vacation because it complements the overall experience: beautiful building, nice and helpful staff, very clean, and comfortable and spacious rooms. Nice hotel, very close to shopping, restaurants and transportation via tour buses/trams/trains etc. It was clean, and I would stay there again... just no wow factor. Friendly helpful staff, very clean and comfortable, good choice of breakfast. Hotel is in a perfect location to walk to many of the sites downtown. I stayed in a suite and it was very nice, but not great and breakfast was so so. It is really well located, close to the centre of the city, and the warmth, friendliness & helpfulness of the staff was outstanding Santa Justa Hotel is a 4-star hotel situated in the Baixa area of Lisbon that features luxurious guest rooms, a restaurant, a bar and a central location close to the city centre and many of the area's attractions. This hotel has nice rooms, with very good bathroom, plus free ammenities (coffee, refreshements). The included breakfast buffet was a little disappointing We will return to this Hotel for our next Lisbon cisit
As I started this review off, almost no one else stayed here while my boyfriend and I were here. This section of Fort Lauderdale beach has a what remains of classic 2 story beach hotel. They do not provide any services as noted in their description. This property just looks like it's been neglected for a while - and with the developments you see on the beach front from the likes of Marriott & Westin, I have a feeling it's a matter of time before this resort just closes down. There was some order of non compliance by either public health or the Sheriff's department when I arrived. This penny pinching will make us look at other hotels (not belonging to the North Beach Group) for next year. They are extremely fortunate to have such a great Staff who made our stay pleasant by extending themselves to compensate. Other hotel features include free onsite parking and a 24-hour front desk. They share staff among assorted sister properties, so there are often times when office is closed. Overall good location for basic lodging with minimal service and amenities. It took a lot of complaints to the management but eventually they relocated all the guests to other properties. The carpet was filthy , the water that filled the bathtub was green,and      both beds  were not assembled correctly and collapsed at certain inopportune moments throughout the weekend, Then when we came to the room, all the couches where stained and dirty . Lots of hot water for a long shower, huge 2 room suite. I have never been is a hotel that didn't offer coffee in the room for morning. No staff on duty,  no quality control on room functions, had to ask for towels then had to wait. There is almost no socialization here because no one stays here! The other rooms I looked at were the same, in fact, one had a dehumidifier right in the room (probably to combat the musty smell and mold in the bathroom). It is a cute place,  great location and nice staff. When we guests compared notes later at another hotel, we all agreed this was the last visit for us at the North Beach Village properties. No on site 24 hour manager, press the intercom button an someone from near by hotel, ( several hotels in surrounding area own by the same company) will assist and check in. The property is just a five minute walk from Sebastian gay beach and a short drive to the Galleria shopping mall and the nightlife of Wilton Manors. Being a couple's resort, you would think there would be a hot tub? Had to call a other hotel of the company and had to wait at the gate for 20 minutes. First things first - single guys, if you're expecting this to be a real-life version of Grindr. Studio apartments and one-bedroom suites feature a minimalist style with unique and individual décor items. There is no onsite staff, so you have to call to check in or if there is a problem. The Staff, especially the Manager Keith was outstanding; however, in the past year this hotel has gone downhill primarily due to some very small cost cutting measures by the new owners. A lust oasis slowly being lost to new construction projects. The staff I did meet were very friendly, but that could not make up for the lack of maintenance. It is a typical small older building but rooms are nicely redecorated and comfortable. I booked the room because it was suppose to be a 40% off sale and the posted pictures looked fine. A herd of madscapers spent most of the day at the property removing most of the plants that screened the pool from the street. Grand Palm is a good choice for a quiet room close to the beach in Ft Lauderdale. They refunded the other nights  That's the worst expirence I ever had in a hotel in Ft Lauderdale I was suppose to stay for 9 nights, but I flew home after just two nights. No coffee machine is the rooms seemed to be the biggest complaint. I was meeting with some friends to celebrate my half century birthday. Would've liked a few more amenities and the pool cleaned regularly. Needed a nice place to stay the night before and after a ship cruise of the western Caribbean originating and ending in Ft Lauderdale. It is an all male resort but smaller and more low key than most. They charge daily for parking even though there is ample free street parking nearby. just a matter of time this too will be gone via the wrecking ball. Well there is, but it's at another property (your reservation gives you access to other properties). Perhaps if the resort or its staff made an effort to entertain those staying on this property - I'd give it more favorable reviews...But unfortunately, I will not be staying here again. Nice hotel, reasonable price, clean, and close to the beach and nightlife. I guess you get what you pay for, but it wasn't even worth the sale price. This hotel put two big flasks each morning out in the Courtyard each morning (one morning it was late, another the flask was broken) which was supposed to hold us until Keith came in at 8 and brewed some in the Office. Amenities include free Wi-Fi, coffee makers, mini-fridges and microwaves and flat screen TV’s. The good: The rooms and the bed were very nice and comfortable. Palm Plaza Resort Fort Lauderdale offers gay-friendly and affordable accommodation featuring uniquely themed décor as well as a range of room amenities and fun hotel features. Hotels.com should be decent enough to let us all know about the amount of construction next to the hotel. The hotel used to offer a small, simple but welcome continental breakfast and a coffee machine in the rooms. In a nutshell the rate is not commensurate with the rooms. Pros- walking distance to beach, Hilton S3 Beach Bar, and W restaurant & night club. Palm Plaza Resort Fort Lauderdale features a garden enclosed, clothing optional heated outdoor pool as well as a barbecue area and lounge chairs. The bad: $780+ for 5 nights with no on site dining or even basic refreshments? A shame a few stupid mistakes can hurt a business. That being said the owners have maintained this oasis very well. I asked for an upgrade, but they were only willing to change rooms. There are however, a number of local eateries within walking distance of the property. So there was no socialization or meeting other couples (at times it got creepy being the only ones here). This hotel no longer provides any sort of complimentary breakfast option. It was excessively noisy, intrusive, and removed the ability to privately sunbathe. Poor management, poor communication with guests, and an uncaring attitude. Great for college age guests or those who don't care but not myself.
During our stay, some stations of RER C were under construction, so check ahead. Small double room but enough room for one person for a few nights. There are a lot of services close by (supermarkets, restaurants, bakeries, laundries even hair salons). Some might find the rooms a bit on the small side but they are typical for the area. 5 minute walk to Arc de Triumph, and close by to two major metro stations. I thought the breakfast was very nice with deli meats, cheese, eggs and pastries. Helped us book a wine tasting event and made arrangements for us to get a taxi from hotel to airport. We were very satisfied with a the degree of comfort and service we had. Only drawback for me was the shower and how small it was. We enjoyed our two-day stay and plan to share this information with our friend in Paris, who often has guests she is not able to accommodate. Small room, but when you are only in your room to sleep it is great. The hotel staff were friendly and took on board my requests for a room in a quiet part of the hotel. The only thing we  found to be smaller than we would have liked were the shower stalls....usable, but small. I would stay in the same hotel in case of a second visit; great location, great service, reasonable rate. Very nice hotel that is very close to Metro Station. Only minus point is that they didn’t have many English channels. Good location, near Arc of Triumph, subway, and bus lines. Hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly, Room was always spotless. The room and the bathroom were impeccably clean, the bed was firm, comfortable, the linen was very good to touch. The 3-star Hotel Acacias Etoile has everything in order to meet both the needs of tourists eager for discoveries and cultural or shopping for those business travellers looking for a foot hold easily accessible . Need advice, help, the team will always be happy to make your stay in Paris as pleasant as possible. The room was quite small compared to other hotels in other countries, The elevator was so small that you will make fun about it. However, my sister had a different room with a slightly bigger shower! Very convinient , close to eveything nice that it was so close to the airport bus stop. The hotel is very nice Good location a few minutes walk from  arc de triumph and the metro station  The staff is very friendly and helpful  Room are nice and clean (and small, it's Paris...) We were going to the tennis so it was perfect for us If size is an issue, make sure you ask for the larger shower! The location is also good...5 minute walk to the Argentine metro station and 10 min to the Arc de Triumph; many good restaurants just down the street and an excellent grocery store right across the street. Loved the hotel - location is ideal and members of staff are amazing! We had three rooms at this hotel for a week and enjoyed our stay very much. An address near all major touristic attractions in Paris (Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Louvre) and the largest business places (Palais des Congres, La Defense), in a quiet street, only 2 minutes' walk from the metro line 1 (Argentine Stop). The rooms are small, but all rooms in Paris are small! Location was great, just down the street from a metro station and a 5 minute walk from the arc de triomphe. This is in a good location but if you don't like tight spaces look elsewhere. RER C (train) is three blocks away and is the same train that takes you to Versailles. I consider myself average, 5'5 and 135lbs, and the shower was not big enough to turn around in. The hotel staff was very helpful in setting up wine tasting and getting a taxi to airport. Rooms are very clean and bed is comfy :) I enjoyed my stay Located in the centre of Paris, only few minutes walk from Arc De Triomphe. Soon you will realize that space in Paris is very limited, so everything is small and contracted, except for all the royal places I hope you will visit. Safe neighborhood, very close to the Arc of Triumph and Champs Ellyses (you can walk to both places). It is literally a half-block from the Metro and surrounded by great restaurants and bakeries. They were very attentive and even lent us an umbrella for the weekend :)   Would definitely recommend for location, comfort and great hospitality. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff is excellent....we found them to be very helpful! Overall we had a very pleasant stay and would definitely consider staying there again. An important plus is having the Argentine Metro Station at less than one block. Argentine is part of Line 1, which will take you to many points of interest, without transfers. I was there for the weekend, room was a good size and the bathroom was very clean!
One little thing is the receptionist could not provide change for 50euros. The 3-star Eurostars Maimonides Hotel invites you to take yourself back in time; in the very heart of the Jewish Quarter and with spectacular close-up views of the Mezquita, your senses will transport you to the days of the Caliphate and the great Maimonides, when Cordova, with over half-a-million keen inhabitants was the most advanced city of Europe. The restaurant prices shown on the exterior windows doesn't match the menu price. This older hotel has been renovated and is in great condition. very small room, very basic level go comfort... felt like the usual discrimination against the single traveller.... even though I had paid for a double room The only drawback to our visit was that the hotel's underground garage was full so we had to park about 300 metres away. Even if I had booked a large room, I was given a tiny one. Hotel location is fantastic  Rooms are decent, patio is pretty Breakfast for vegetarians is decent. The sense of history wafting through the Jewish quarter and the close-up views of the Mezquita allow one to take a time-trip back to Caliphate and the times of the great ruler, Maimonides. The location is wonderful -- right behind the mosque/cathedral and in the middle of the charming streets of old Cordoba. Art, culture, commerce and the financial capacity of Cordova irradiated light and progress over a continent that looked up to the grand capital of the Guadalquivir River with amazement and veneration. Hotel in old walled city right opposite the Mezquito was a church the a mosque now a cathedral the visit takes about two and a half hours 10€ . Centrally located with own parking area made our visit easier. I bit noisy with the bars open late in the area. Only when I was   leaving día they recognized their mistake and compensated me. Very good hotel in an excellent location with friendly and very helpful staff. Great visit - Thank you but think we need to point out the difficulty with accessing the hotel area by vehicle as its in the old part of the city and initial arrival needs to be on foot Though it is near the historic sights and convenient that way, but very noisy, poor hygiene, couldn't sleep in the night over priced. Find 101 tapas bar small but excellent English explanation and not expensive.
We found out next morning that the switch that powers the AC was off ! The four-star NH Köln Mediapark hotel in Cologne is located in the MediaPark in the heart of the city, with abundant shopping, cafés, restaurants and attractions like the famed Cathedral of Cologne easily reached by public transportation or on foot. Was a very nice area, within walking distance of Vapianos. Nice hotel but staff could improve on what the term service means It was clean and bright in the room and very comfortable. Only a few minutes away from the Cologne Trade Fair, this hotel is an ideal choice for business travelers. First hotel I’ve stayed at in Germany that had an actual queen size bed compared to two beds just pushed together. The room was a good size, comfortable and had a large, clean ensuite bathroom. I'd definitely stay here again, but don't bother paying for the hotel breakfast, lots of lovely cafes nearby! The staff let us check in early as the room was ready. We arrived expecting to find 2 rooms booked but only one had been reserved The receptionist was not very professional - chewing gum, telling waiting guests to 'chill' & not stress She was on her own at a busy period - shame there were not more staff available  We found the reception staff overall not particularly friendly or welcoming  The rooms were nice with the exception of the worst hotel hairdryer ever Our tea & coffee were never properly replenished and we ended up going down to the bar to get more ourselves Our favourite Christmas market was located not too far from here. The only challenge wasthe curtains - it was almost a science to get them to cover the whole window and stop the light coming in! Apart from that , a nice Hotel but rather overpriced for the nights we spend there. On first night my wife had to go out of the hotel in order to get some fresh air , since AC was not working. I dont have good experience staff also not polite and breakfast is not good also hotel entrance is very bad I booked 2 smoking rooms through you in this Hotel , to find out only on arrival that the Hotel is 100% non smoking ! The location is good, right in the media park and walking distance from the city centre and very close to lots of great restaurants and bars in Cologne's Belgian Quarter. And that was not only in our room but in the one of our frinds as well. The Hansaring Station for metro and trains is only a few steps away, and all major Christmas markets are within walking distance. It was somewhat expensive for two nights just for the room, but the dining area looked very nice. The only reason the hotel didn't get 5 for comfort is because the beds in NH Heidelberg are the best in the world.
Handy location to censio metro... only 2 stops from major stations and if you really want 30 min walk to centre. The apartments have premium bedding, down blankets and blackout drapes, and the living areas feature LCD TVs, designer furniture and views of the garden and courtyard. The room was good, not a 100% clean (maybe 98%), but good enough. Mattress too thin and uncomfortable, it was better to sleep on the couch itself. First of all Expedia chose this appartment as a replacement for one that they had overbooked us in. The apartment was okay, very basic and weirdly eclectic collection of kitchen items. All floors have lift access, and the front desk is open during convenient hours. Location is in walking distance of restaurants and a supermarket as well as a metro station which is handy because you are a decent way away from the city centre so will rely on it. Walls and ceilings appeared to be made of paper, kept awake by different guest noises every night. Guests at Residence Cenisio enjoy free parking, concierge service, tour assistance and complimentary Wi-Fi in common areas. Staff didn't speak English and couldn't tell us directions properly Only comment about the competent but unfriendly staff: a staff sometimes won't kill anyone. At first glance this didn't seem a problem but when we arrived we were in for a shock. The lady working the reception and manager were of no help and seemed very uncaring of the whole situation! Our suitcase was stolen on the hotel grounds and none of the cameras are working! Worst stay ever and do not recommend to anyone traveling there. Several restaurants are located nearby, and the apartments are set up for self catering. Each apartment also has a kitchenette with a fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and coffee and tea making facilities. Major attractions close by include the Cimitero Monumentale di Milano and the Arco della Pace. Very unprofessional and annoying having people walking through your bedroom trying to fix something in another room. No baking trays, only 1 pot, no kettle, only two forks and two knifes. However the kitchen had just plates, oven and a fridge freezer. For me who was staying for 3 nights and planned to cook this was not sufficient enough. Located in the northern part of the metropolis, Residence Cenisio features 42 apartments and is within walking distance of Porta Garibaldi. They need to re look at the hotel basic equipment and sort this out asap. In addition, the private bathrooms feature heated towel rails and complimentary toiletries, while hair dryers and irons with ironing boards are available on request.
Westfield shopping centre and a ton of restaurants and pubs and is in a safe and nice area. Expensive for what it was but then again it's London, things were connected to the walls for ventilation but wires weren't long enough to plug in, waste of space. Overall excellent value for money compared to other budget options in London (I paid £55 for a double room with en suite). However, the room got smell and the shower has leaks. A 13-minute walk brings guests to the Hammersmith Apollo for live performances, while Olympia London is only a half mile's distance from the property. Had no shower head on shower but that's was sorted quickly by maintainance. They very conveniently sell (for 5 pounds) power converters - handy since we left ours at home. Bed wasn't the most comfortable, kind of like staying in someone's spare room but perfectly fine for the price. It's about a 30-minute ride to Heathrow, about 30 minutes to the Tower of London, and maybe 20 minutes to the British Museum. Mistakes happen but I had to contact the hotel in several occasions. This hotel is charming; it's a 10-minute walk from an underground station that took us wherever we wanted to go. Breakfast the next morning was good and the women we helpful and friendly. Simple yet delightful, a breakfast spread is presented each morning on site. The 18 en-suite rooms feature contemporary decor and a desk, affording visitors a peaceful environment to catch up on work. What's more, modern conveniences like Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs are present in every guest room, and family rooms are also available. The hotel is on a main street, but the rooms are in the back, so we heard no traffic noise. We got a 'secret price', probably wouldn't have been happy with paying more than 80€ a night for such a small room. HOTELS.com we're useless as well they took payment then would not help me get my money back. What ruined the stay was being charged twice for the stay on my credit card! Hotel itself was nice, found the room to be very small and difficult to move around in. The walls are a little thin and I could hear people talking in the room above until quite late but it wasn't too loud and didn't stop me sleeping. It's also walking distance to both Hammersmith tube and Shepherds Bush tube. Not only do travellers benefit from Golden Strand Lifestyle being smoke-free, they also can access the on-site luggage storage. Amongst the eateries located only a two-minute walk away are Los Molinas, with its authentic tapas, or the ever-popular Mustard Restaurant, which serves British cuisine. + clean and confort bed - breakfast served until 9am SHARP, 5mn late and we couldn't even get a coffee. Golden Strand Lifestyle offers delightful budget accommodation just under two miles from the shops and attractions of Kensington High Street. This uncomplicated inn lends travellers an enviable location without breaking the bank. Half mile walking distance from good pubs and is located inside district 2 so a day train ticket works to get you around on the district line. Sign on hotel said check in @ saba down a block and that's where we slept..all good except promise of airport shuttle as stated when I booked was NOT true.. Smart people would ask for first floor unless u like trudging up stairs and bathroom too small but served purpose.Only ten min walk to underground station. The room is very cozy - think cruise ship cabin. Not romantic or anything just good for a concert in Hammersmith Apollo. Beware of the unregulated temperature shower, it's a nasty shock. The room was small, but clean and modern with a clean modern bathroom.
I've stayed in hotels that charged half as much, were also tidy and well-kept, and had bathrooms with a decent amount of space. That really is my only complaint, otherwise, the bed was clean and cozy, the room was well-tended, and again, your staff is wonderful. Small touches like the wine at 5pm and apple cider are lovely. It is 20 minutes from the airport and that is a big plus. The staff are welcoming and really helpful with all types of recommendations. The small rooms feel outdated and in need of a good clean. Best of all Boston is an amazing city with the most friendly strangers we've ever encountered. The room was a bit small but that’s to be expected with boutique hotels. There is the Boston Lounge Minibar that offers a cosy place to relax with a drink. Was a little concerned with staying at 2nd oldest hotel in city, but was totally updated, modern and inviting! We were lucky to have a great view of the Pru. Nice hotel overall, but for the money you pay doesn’t deliver. My room was neat and clean, but very tiny with just enough room to walk around the bed.Had to stand sideways to close the bathroom door. Nearby restaurants include Luke’s Lobster Back Bay and Fogo de Chão Brazilian Steakhouse, both less than a five-minute stroll away. A little pricey for the size room you're getting, but comfortable and clean. I will never use hotels.com or stay at this hotel again. The front desk is always accommodating and helpful and they had recommendations off the tops of their heads. Loved the lobby and the complimentary wine in the evening and coffee in the morning. My daughter and I visited BU this weekend and the Copley Square was our jumping off point. Comfortable hotel to stay a when visiting my son who is attending school in Boston. Toilet seat had a deep crack that I didn’t notice until after I sat down and it bruised, cut and welted up my back side. Great location a block away from Newbury Street and the Prudential Center. When I reported some issues with the shower and sink, he seemed to be very irritated. The staff was friendly and helpful and there was several spaces for reading including a room with multiple newspaper. The hallways have quirky little angles that add to the character of this hotel. The Copley Square is fine piece of work in a city of fine works. It was called a King deluxe and hotels.com made it seem like we were getting a huge deal. Received room upgrade for hotel anniversary, staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly! The hotel is beautiful with historic features that provide some quirkiness and uniqueness. It is small, personable, has everything you can possibly need in addition to a comfortable sleeping arrangements and designer surroundings. Given a lovely room upgrade and a lovely surprise of a small bottle of wine and sweets and a bday card for my bf. Room as a constant cold breeze at your feet other than that perfect stay. A very nice alternative to the giant chain hotels surrounding Copley square Its not confortable, its not look like to web pictures. A few knocks on the wall did take care of that problem. The complimentary wine hour is a very nice touch as well! Check-in staff was a bit brusque but checkout was lovely. They had a nice reception area that always had coffee in the morning and in the afternoon had a fun hot chocolate and marshmallow layout if it was cold and lemonade if warm. Overall, the facilities need to be updated and made ready for individuals from all walks of life. I selected the Copley Square Hotel simply because of location, and the fact that it was on the list of hotels available to pair with a flight on Travelocity. This only got a 3 because while the hotel & rooms look wonderful and the staff is great, they need to pay more attention to details, before a guest checks into their room. Terrific location for anything in Boston and a terrific staff to help make it happen. They took care of us with the up most care. To be fare the rooms (esp bathroom) is small, but other than that this place is an absolute gem. But at almost $400 a nite, I woulda expected little more. If you are there for business, then this is a great spot. It has a serene, stable certainty of quiet rooms, solid floors, and a super lobby bar, the Mini Bar. The toilet is so close to the door that it leaves the tiniest space in front of the sink for a person to stand there and clean up/brush teeth/fix hair/etc. The only thing that keeps it from being a 5 is the very tiny shower. It is in walking distance to many restaurants and offices, and is convenient to the train (Boylston Station is 300 yards from the door). Copley Square Hotel features boutique-style accommodation and a chic nightclub in the Back Bay neighbourhood, approximately a 20-minute drive from Castle Island. Close to the subway and Star Market that what I like. The bed is comfortable but the room needs a good thorough cleaning. And the tub and sink are jammed so close to the toilet. Glasses in the room had lipstick stains, that was a little gross. The historic hotel is within walking distance to many historic sites such as the Freedom Trail, Chinatown, the wharf and to public transportation. We had a postage stamp sized room for a total charge of $425.33. Came to Boston for a surprise birthday trip for bf. Your hotel is wonderful, the staff was incredibly gracious and helpful. There was so much to see in city we could not see as much of the history of the city as we would have liked....cannot wait to go back! I came to visit with my daughter, and she thinks it was the best hotel experience that she can remember! Great central location easy access to the mall restaurants great walking areas close to Commonwealth Avenue Boston Commons and the gardens just what we wanted Close to all I was interested in Comfortable bed Nice big bathroom with good towels Room was very small for us cause we had a kid. I'd suggest for the price paid it would be nice to have a coffee/tea maker in the room. From anticipating an elevator and pressing the button to offering suggestions about a variety of things without being over the top. Room temp was 68ish, I would set it at 74, and it wouldnt change. We were close to the library, close to bars and restaurants and Newberry Street. The hotel is located in a good location, appears to be close to everything. Went to a wedding in Boston and my wife found this hotel I was a bit apprehensive but it turned out to be great. I did not eat there in either of my stays, but there was complementary hot chocolate and a complementary happy hour with wine. Parking yourself across the street or valet service is more $$ Will definitely be back and will def be back to Copley Square Hotel. Both of us could not fit in the bathroom at the same time. The phone didn't work (this was fixed while I was there), the panel that covered the air vent in the wall was not attached properly and when bumped into came off (I reported this), the lampshades were crooked on the floor lamp and when I tried to fix it noticed that it was broken, the toilet paper holder in the bathroom was loose and the bathroom was really incredibly small with no place to put toiletries other than the top of the toilet and only one hook for wet towels. A historic hotel in a great location near attractions, T stops and restaurants. The property is less than a ten-minute drive from Museum of Fine Arts and Fenway Park. It was a very rainy cold stay and while I normally skip the hot chocolate it was very welcomed. We had a very pleasant stay here and would go back when revisiting Boston. Just small with the only appointments is a 5 dollar bottle of warm water in your room. This hotel is in the middle of everything... shopping, stores, food, etc. It rained most of the time we were here so the corner view wasn't as important as the size. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was small, but very clean. The bed is relatively comfortable with above average linens and the room has decent decor. Also, fire escape window was unlocked which creeped me out a little... The room was spotless and spacious and we had a lovely view of the Huntington St. Can't say enough good things about Copley Square Hotel. Queen bed room and bath room are too small for  two people. Want to order room service but there wasn’t a menu so called down and they said they would bring one up 30 minutes later Still no menu. Room/area was very quiet, easy to sleep even with decent activity levels in the hotel. The management has clearly trained the staff well, because they were absolutely fantastic in every way. A good idea: keep the ramp at the front door accessible to individuals who require it. It is an old structure, renovated, maintained its charm, but everything is obviously retrofitted. We were celebrating anniversary and birthday and a Boston stay was an extravagance we were really looking forward to. Accommodation includes tastefully furnished modern rooms with flat-screen TVs, coffee and tea makers, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi. Though the staff is pleasant and often helpful, this is not a hotel to which I will return in the future. Small to average size room, no fridge, breakfast very pricey. Pot smell in our room made this hotel a definite non-repeat experience. I was on a short time line and they made sure that my order got out quickly so I didn’t feel rushed. I went directly to the hotel and prices are lower. My only complaint is in the design of the bathroom. They have a nightly wine hour, and coffee in the mornings. Coffee in the morning and wine in the evening is very welcoming. The hotel itself is nice and classic and in a great spot, but the staff makes this place outstanding! Copley Square Hotel has an on-site fitness centre and meeting room space for events and business functions. And had a nightcap at the bar, and that was very nice as well. Only thing was that my room floor squeaked a lot while walking around in the room like the floorboards were bad under the rug. In the middle of everything you would want to see in Boston. The Isabella Stewart Gardener Museum and Boston University are ten minutes away by car. We had a king room and at check in the front desk person said he searched inventory and moved us to a upgraded corner view room. If you are in Boston for historical exploration, then stay in a different location. While the rooms are small and the bathrooms even smaller. No big worries about getting to your gate on time. We were on the third floor and they had a wide staircase so we could walk or take the elevator. I got used to the size of the room - it was, in fact, very cozy and I was very comfortable sleeping there. We complained about the room and were told some are just small. My only complaints are the rooms are kinda small and parking is expensive, but that might just be a Boston thing. There are plenty of things to do in the local area, from upscale shops and entertainment to theatres and historic sites. The rooms are well-appointed and comfortable, and I would love to have a shower with that kind of water pressure for home use! One small problem, is that you can hear what's going on in the next room if your neighbors are loud. We stayed as first time visitors to Boston and loved the location. The hotel has an eclectic lobby with a bar and lounge area, a small restaurant, a work-out room, and friendly, helpful staff. Nice hotel, my flight arrived late & no problem checking in. Charged $51.09 for valet parking without being told it was extra. Bell hops were always helpful with luggage in and out of the hotel lobby and into vehicles. Doors just shut on their own and their might be a ghost in the room, but It's alright. Room is a little on the small size, but very comfy, updated and clean. One of us had to make way for the other. The property shows it’s age a bit but is clean and comfortable. Will definitely be back on my next trip to Boston! The staff at the desk were not friendly, especially at check out.
A shame because when we’ve stayed before it’s been good. Lots of dirty pots left on tables very off putting. We stay at this hotel every time we go to london the price is right the hotel is right the staff right the rooms are clean and dont for get the cleaners are very nice and keep the hotel nice and clean would recomend to anyone Cambridge Heath, the local overground railway station is three blocks walk down Hackney Rd & Bethnal Green underground station is about four blocks further on. I saw one junkie pick a used cigarette out of the ashtray outside the hotel lobby door. Hence we couldn't shower, or even brush our teeth etc. Exec bedroom  very nice   bed was uncomfortable Pleasant hotel staff, good location, good car parking, shabby furniture , worn towels and sheets but on the whole good value for money. We were without water for the first morning of our stay. There was only 2 ladies on shift trying to deal with all of the rooms who were without water- and they couldn't do much to help. Went into room window open room cold  went to reception and said turn on heating he gave m a another room any other hotel would of upgraded u We had a room on the 3rd floor which was very quiet. Hotel staff were rude and unhelpful, the place is run down and the room phone didn't work. Location was great, and the price was very affordable; however, the bed springs were uncomfortable and the pillows were flat and stiff. Uncomfortable mattress , picture falling off wall , bashes and holes in walls  Not great for price! Guests can enjoy a workout at the inviting, well-equipped gym. Great Location and with Santander bikes directly outside London is your oyster ! The rooms are sad, outdated, very damaged, and smell horrible. It was ok a bit far from tube and out of the centre. First, it's a bit further from the tube than I originally thought, which may be due to a lot of construction going on. We got our selves some (complimentary) bottled water from downstairs which we had to make do with. Springs had become ‘a spring’, making rolling over very uncomfortable. The only saving grace is there was 1 functioning treadmill in the gym and the price was cheap. Bus routes 26 and 48 from Liverpool St. Station stop right outside the hotel door. The hotel was okay otherwise- clean, slightly dated- beds are a little uncomfortable. On the down side, the room was cramped, with little space for movement. I'm not sure in what world this place has any more than 2 stars. We stayed at this hotel for 9 days & found it good value. The breakfast was very poor value for how much it cost. There was a partitioning door through to another room and other guests could easily be heard. I would advise everyone to NOT stay in this hotel there are so many other similar priced hotels in the same location. Regent's Canal with its colourful barges is also within easy walking distance. We weren't expecting much from this hotel as all we needed was a place to sleep, but wow, we were pleasantly surprised. Catering to both holiday visitors and business travellers, The Re London Shoreditch provides a comfortable and modern environment. The bathtub/shower didn't drain properly and the air condition didn't work properly either. What I like about this hotel is that the bus stops are just across the hotel. Executive rooms add a laptop-compatible safe and a work desk. Even comparing to 3 star hotel it only just makes the grade. I've now stayed in this hotel three times... the price is equal to the likes of Travelodge but the quality exceeds the chains in every department. I doubt I'd stay here again even at the low price point. Staff were efficient & attentive, the room & bathroom were cleaned daily, and our third floor room meant noise was kept to the minimum. The rooms and hotel are very outdated and not up to the standard of any 4 star hotel I've ever stayed in. Not only are the staff incredibly rude and unhelpful  my hotel room was filthy upon entering. The TV was a bit on the small side but adequate. I hope there's a microwave in the room  and the fridge is as cool as the weather. For example room 337: the window handles are loose and close to falling off. The rooms are small and cramped with paper thin walls. The bad - greeted by a group of people begging for money in the hotel entrance, room 141 smells very musky, the toilet is noisy as it constantly is running water, mattress worn out and springs very uncomfortable, the little TV screen must be 10-15 years old,  and just about the worst iron I’ve had the misfortune to use. I've stayed a few times and I'm impressed by the service, cleanliness and quality especially as the price is excellent when compared to other hotels in London. The classy bar features an extensive menu of alcoholic beverages. Finally, Hackney Road is noisy and dirty, and at night could be seen as unsafe for a woman on her own. Nice enough hotel for the price, but the bed (which, at the end of the day, is the most important element of a hotel stay) was basic. for curtains, cushions and furniture, made the room seem even smaller. Other facilities close by include the York Hill recreation centre with a 40m indoor heated pool, and two superb parks - Victoria Park & Haggerston Parks. We had to leave this hotel early because the internet sucked. That means you have to walk the neighborhood around this hotel. But Maria, Antonio and Danny, the one in the bar are so friendly. I'd like to send commendation to Martha, Antonio and Danny. The coffee was cold we asked for new and that was no better. At a the premium price paid I feel I should of stayed elsewhere. I wanted to stay more in the city on my first night. The mattress on our double bed was terrible - a cross between a water bed and a trampoline. If you don't mind the graffiti and junkies begging for money, then this is the hotel for you! Good- Convenient for City; Clean and Comfortable; Good shower/bath; Get a rear room; Fridge in room. Nice clean comfortable hotel easy check in clean room couldn't fault it I chose the RE Hotel for its proximity to where my daughter lived in Shoreditch.It had the added bonus of being on convenient direct bus lines to the city & was a comfortable stay. The ventilation was poor and an absense of double glazing meant there was a lot of noise from the road. The hotel is very well located in terms of public transport. The cooked breakfast was cold and not very well stocked. The window was broken so we couldn't close it all we heard was the traffic. Styled with a smart, contemporary look, every room is functionally outfitted with coffee/tea facilities, a mini-fridge and flat-screen TV. The sleek hotel is set in one of east London's most vibrant and hip districts known for its nightlife. Only thing that was we had to pay 50 pounds for a security deposit, more than 24 hours after checking out of the hotel the money still hasn’t been returned. I was woken up at 3am by a couple staying next door who were getting vocally and physically active for over an hour. The area around the Columbia Road Flower Market, open on Sundays and just a ten-minute walk from The Re London Shoreditch, is known for its unique shops. The only saving grace was the location close to the broadway market etc Hotel is fine but quality of bedding (sheets not great) and towels (very thin and stained) lets the place down The good - Shower was good, room was clean, and the staff professional (although they do make a point to make sure you know they take a deposit ‘incase you damage the room’). Unfortunately, there was a leak- meaning we had no water in our room- no toilet /shower/ taps... on the whole last day of our trip. Not so good -TV's need upgrading - Too small and old tech; Nothing else much immediately outside; I hope the other staff is also as as accommodating as the three staff above. The location was fine for me, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for anyone trying to get anywhere. Second, the shower didn't quite work properly or I wasn't able to figure it out, and the bathroom had a bit of a musty smell. Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are available upon request. In London, you have to know the buses and underground. A range of meeting and event spaces can be booked. There's a bus stop right outside the hotel which makes it even better. The V&A Museum of Childhood, exhibiting toys from the 1600s, is an 11-minute walk away. Room was clean and comfortable, enough space for two people and all of the essentials included. The pillows were lumpy and inferior in quality for this level of hotel. It was clear that no attention to detail was made when the room was being cleaned. The two lifts meant that you rarely had to wait longer than a few minutes. Room was clean and very comfortable and loved the luxury of a bath. Food-wise - the coffee at the bar was excellent & restaurant food offerings were good quality. Also mattress was cheap and springs could be felt through the cover. Check in and check out were awkward with poor communication, but went quickly enough. Hotel was fine rooms where comfy nice food good location helpful staff Located in the lobby, the hotel's restaurant boasts a multi-cuisine menu featuring various international favourites throughout the day. Finally, the breakfast was a buffet style, when the menu seemed to imply a more sit-down style.
Tried to use valet parking for $56 but hotel staff told me it was $31 to do it myself. There's an incredibly convenient parking garage two doors up from the hotel that has some of the cheapest overnight parking I've ever seen in SF ($78 for two full nights!). It's a cute hotel, room was small but clean and comfy beds. Kathryn and Betty went above and beyond to accommodate me and ensure my comfort, and I am grateful to them both. It was clearly an identifiable mistake and we were overbilled. Guests can enjoy use of high-end Frette bedding and robes in the room, as well as Wi-Fi (surcharge), flat-screen TV, minibar and iPod docking station. As you can imagine we did not get  we were located on the fourth floor and no one told us that there was a section on the fifth and sixth. Then that night we had a dog barking for four  1/2 hours didn’t get any sleep call front desk said that since I already paid could not give me money back not a good night Guests can enjoy complimentary newspapers and coffee in the lobby. The pictures featured for the hotel the obviously used A LOT of light because when we got there everything was super dim and dreary in the lobby. Unfortunately the wifi connection in the rooms was pretty much unusable. Friendly staff, very clean, nice decor and good location close to Union Square. The hotel looks nice on the internet and in person, however the hotel is under construction and very noisy. We had a very very thin comforter on the bed. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was incredibly friendly and helpful. The parking is pricey and 50 - day for an SUV size vehicle. Upon checkout still got charged $56 but too frustrated to argue. Shower outstanding but bathroom otherwise cramped.Hallways tended to look in need of vacuuming. Instead, they each pointed the finger at each other and encouraged me to call the other. I primarily travel for business, so I probably would not stay there again. Kind of disappointing, since room service is a favorite luxury when I travel by myself. I needed a hotel near my conference hotel that was within my price range. The hotel location was easy walking distance to most of the key sites in the city, which was great. They don't hire enough staff because concerns voiced were not addressed timely such as dirty bed pillow and rusty water which ran out of the pipes for 30-40 seconds which led me to question how clean really was the bathroom- they blamed it on a power outage. We have connected with our credit card company and have found the charge online. Wonder what their definition of parking a big ole USA truck is... mine was a Nissan Rogue .... oversized hahahaah The Serrano is located close to Union Square and many shops and great restaurants, sightseeing and many other pluses which makes it an ideal place to stay in San Francisco, but had the hotel made better use of screening the lobby during the refurbishing to maintain the lobby in a more presentable condition we would not have been struck with some apprehension when we entered the hotel. If you do a lot of big city hotel staying, it may seem luxurious. Serrano Hotel Union Square Hotel puts guests in the heart of downtown San Francisco. There was no effort to remedy the problem other than to recommend that we challenge Travelocity. Jasper’s Corner Tap and Kitchen serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. How this hotel has a 4-star rating I don't understand. It was clean and it was quiet...if that's what you are looking for you will be happy. There is a big homeless problem in the city, including right outside the hotel. What aggravates me is that Serrano denied that they charged me for the rooms. Nice having the restaurant and bar connected, but rooms are very small Staff were great and helpful (helped me switch rooms as lower floors are noisy due to passing traffic). They gave us a $5.00 voucher to wait in a restaurant next door. Neighborhood is questionable, hotel is dated but comfortable unhappy to find long dark hair in shower. The extra daily charge called a “resort fee” was annoying although it had been disclosed at time of booking that we would pay an additional $30.00 a day approximately. I may be wrong, but I think we may have been given an inferior room because we got a good rate through travelocity. Neighborhood is a little sketchy, but not too far from Union Square and other good stuff. Travelocity rated The Serrano as 4 stars, but no way. Two or three blocks from cable car and main shopping. When 3:00 guarantee check in time came our room was not ready. I usually ask to check in early but this hotel wants $50.00 for that. Nice old world hotel, the room was small however the location near Union Square was good. The booking should have taken this into consideration for their guests by offering some compensation if guests reserve a room during the construction. Booked hotel on Travelocity's website but hotel charged more fees when I arrived. Tea & coffee facilities are in the lobby which made it inconvenient outside the hours of the beverage station operation. Great location and easy to get around San Francisco as well. The customer should not be the one that has to resolve a discrepancy between the hotel and the booking agency. The attached restaurant, Jaspers, served a good breakfast, although in dreary surroundings. This is not a resort at all, I didn’t use any of their amenities I don’t think I should have payed that. It appeared that much of the hotel was being renovated. Requested front desk to discuss with manager but no one got back to me. It was my first trip to San Francisco, I wish I had stayed in a different location. I reserved a room at the Serrano Hotel for my husband's 29th birthday, as it's tradition for us to go see a Giants game and go out with friends every year in celebration. It was clean and cute, but not worth the cost. Tiny bathroom...your knees will touch the wall across from the toilet. This was an unexpected trip that my 14 year old daughter booked. It was a bit farther from the financial district where I work, than equally nice, less expensive hotels. The room was a little small but overall very comfortable for one solo businesse traveler. It is good for tourists going to theater shows or doing the Union Square shopping thing, but not particularly business friendly. Only complaint we would have is no coffee maker in room had to go to lobby for it. However, be aware there is no hotel shuttle transportation from the airport. The tradespersons working in the hotel with guests coming and going should have been more professional in appearance. Hotel staff was great, the hotel undergoing a remodel which was a bit challenging. Room is colors are the same as McDonalds and Wells Fargo - yellow and red (my fault as there were pics). So when we took, tried to take, short nap in the afternoon before an important dinner we heard nothing but jackhammers. Again, no way what we got should be 4 stars. I could write an entire review on the staff alone. I spent about four hours on hold trying to resolve between the hotel and travel group. I spent an hour calling two different room service numbers, but only got a voicemail message. It was a beautiful hotel and in a great location. The hotel was under construction but it wasn't too bad. Jasper's Restaurant next door lacked atmosphere however there are plenty of places to eat nearby. They do have great coffee downstairs in the lobby, but I hate to go out in public in my sweat pants. Two ellipticals one broken and the other slightly made some bumping noise. It was a good location and may think about this hotel again when construction is finished. However, the  staff was very friendly and the room was clean and comfortable. This wasn't the hotels issue, but the city has a problem with their homeless population. The lobby was beautiful and the staff were polite and professional. I had to stay close to pier 39 for a half marathon. If I could I would stay closer to the wharf, this is not an area you want to bring your kids. And it is much darker than what the pictures on the Travelocity page shows it to be. The staff also helped carry my luggage which right away was a huge plus for me. Made one request to send hot water up to the room and it never came. We didn't use any of the amenities, including the attached restaurant, so no comments there. We were billed twice for our stay:  once from the hotel and once from Travelocity. I have never been so unhappy with a hotel in my life. Most of the staff were fantastic, our reception was excellent and one of the porters was exceptional. I love the decorations in the room and the views!. The hotel is near Union Square but there are a lot of homeless people and beggars in the area and many of the streets nearby have the pungent smell of urine. The street was a bit noisy and there were a lot of homeless folks at night, but that was expected being in the city. We are SO impressed with the beer selection and the food is AMAZING! Although this hotel is more than 2 miles away, it’s still conveniently located close to everywhere- china town, union square, and pier. We had the sliders and tater tots, and devoured both. She even offered us late check out without us even asking. I has never been to San Fran and found out where we stayed safe, in a great location and very accomdating. Valet parking and laundry services are available at an additional cost. There was construction in the lobby that we were not told about. Can imagine we did not get Any rest and had to complain to management a few times before we were moved to a new room. We did not feel safe to walk anywhere after dark. Clean rooms, polite staff, great location - in the heart of downtown SF. Location is very central (no more than a 10 minute Lyft ride to AT&T Park; walking distance to Union Square and bars). Lovely rooms but checked out at 8am After being awoken at 6.30am to construction noise. The parking situation made our stay difficult, they charge 56 a day for parking the city itself is already overcharging for parking everywhere you go. I’d certainly stay again as it’s lovely and great value.. Called the front desk several times for 2hrs and no answer...the girl at the reception desk was just looking at her phone when I finally went down. Serrano was a great hotel, our room was very clean, spacious and had everything we needed. A little old in certain areas but the room and lobby were lovely. And the staff was OK... it's just felt a little bit like the B squad. It's very near Union Square, and not too far from Chinatown, so location wise it's fine. They assess a $26 Urban Fee (plus tax) for WiFi access, exercise room access and coffee - all amenities that are complimentary at many other hotels in the area. The attached restaurant is good but pricey and not a place for kids due to long waiting for service and food. It is really the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Hotel was nice and the staff was pleasant and helpful (except for one concierge who, when asked the best way to get from one place to another, miles apart, answered Walk.) Rooms and hotel recently renovated but still doing a few touch ups. The room (506) was comfortable except for the tiny bathroom which had a building column running right through it, blocking half of the sink. Hotel is beautiful but don’t be fooled by the low fares you may find, you will hassle more and overpay. I would stay there again for my next trip to SF. It is in a good location for walking to Union Square. Check-in was easy, and after dropping our bags in our room, we headed straight to Jasper's Corner Tap Room just off the lobby. The room was very tidy and comfortable, everyone was extremely attentive, and checking in/out was a breeze. Although there is still a button on the phone,  and a number in the customer information book for room service (restaurant downstairs is Jaspers), the room service no longer exists. We stayed on the 15th floor in a recently renovated room. We understand the need to upgrade existing facilities and that there will be some disruption and inconvenience as the work is being performed when guests are using the hotel at this time. Perfect place for a short business trip to the area. It was a quick trip, but a great location in the heart of SF. At a minimum the rate should be significantly reduced when in this shape. It's above Tenderloin which is rough (think skid row) but I feel safe anywhere in SF really. Neighborhood, of course, is on the border of the tenderloin and union square, but pretty decent. The hotel itself is already expensive and does not make sense to charge your guest for parking when they are already paying near the price of some of the high end hotels. Also there is a resort fee, which is over 30 a day for using amenities such as WiFi and not sure what Else. When I finally contacted the front desk, they told me I needed to go downstairs to the restaurant myself. Free coffee was in the lobby, and I could wish for continental breakfast. The room was nice and recently remodeled but the winter weather needed a comforter. The hotel itself is beautiful, but the location and the price for payment parking is overpriced. With the urban fees, we were charged $1400+ for our three day stay. Some of the streets nearby seem a bit dodgy, but welcome to big cities, huh? So when we took, try to take, short nap in the afternoon before and important dinner we heard nothing but jackhammers. Offered the best customer service and upgraded my friend and I to a newly renovated room that was super chic! Otherwise, this is a lovely hotel with helpful and pleasant staff The bellman arrived at the garage and helped us with our bags - and the lobby is beautiful and impressive. I used valet services and although it was a bit pricy it was a nice service to have. Oh and being a VIP does have a benefit- such as checking in late for free.... Except for overcharging me on parking for “oversized” vehicle- Small SUV. However the staff in the garage are the fastest workers I've seen, pretty much no waiting for your car, they were very friendly too. It’s also right at the edge of the tenderloin so it’s a pretty shady area. I was traveling as a single woman this time, and was surprised to learn that there is no longer room service. Easy to get anywhere you needed to go throughout the city The hotel is situated in one of the city’s many historic buildings and offers modern luxuries in a classical setting. Union Square is two-blocks away from the Serrano Hotel Union Square Hotel while Chinatown can be reached in 10-minutes on foot. There are ways of conducting a major remodel without the noise and poor appearance of the lobby; remember how first impressions can affect future business! My only complain is that we left around 2pm, and placed the “tidy our room” sign but didn’t get our room cleaned. The menu is distinctly American, and the restaurant has many beers on-tap plus a mixologist concocting unique drinks. Not a pleasant stay when you had to interact with them. The bed was comfortable and with a room on the 16th floor, we had a cool view right down to Macy's in Union Square. There is an on-site gym open 24-hours a day plus a work area with computers and printers available. Just in the border of Tenderloin so no late walks in that direction. We were located on the fourth floor and no one told us that there was construction on the fifth and sixth. Once we were moved there was no noise in the room was very nice, but it was disappointing that we had to endure that in the first place. Hotel offers no breakfast or room service but everything is walking distance. The mattress was very uncomfortable, no chair other than the desk chair,  a crazy small bathroom, the clock did not light up so you could tell the time at night,  a couple of brackets on the walls with no item, just the bracket. The first morning we were there we had somebody  doing construction right next to us had to get up early . It was pretty close to everything like the union square. Also, most of the hotels of this size and caliber have an in-room coffee maker, and this one doesn't. I never have filled out a review before but felt that I was treated so poorly by this hotel. The concierge desk was very helpful with day trips and discounts on the hop-on hop-off bus. The only thing that made me sad was I didn’t know it was being renovated in the lobby so I couldn’t see it’s original beauty. We definitely hope to back for our next visit to SF! super cute boutique hotel, perfect location if you'll spending time in downtown. In its day, the Serrano was probably a very nice place, but it's worn a bit, and the bathrooms are smaller than what we Midwesterners are used to. Also, the area is very dirty and full of homeless people at night, not a good place to walk around smells like vomit and urine around the corner. They have a partnership and should have owned the problem. The systems were down when I arrived but check in was still a speedy process. Great location and great friendly staff ... would definitely stay again
The onsite PauLily restaurant serves Mediterranean specialities for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. All 81 hotel rooms have climate control, air conditioning, flat screen TV, coffee/tea maker, free Wi-Fi, in-room safe, private bathroom with shower, minibar, and a hairdryer. They were happy to store my bag when I took an overnight to Rome and my luggage was waiting in my new room upon return. A buffet breakfast is available each morning in the hotel breakfast room for a surcharge. Gorgeous, quiet neighborhood in easy walking distance between two S-Bahn stations. Conveniently located in the quiet Friedenau neighbourhood and a short walk from Schoneberg City Hall, Exe Klee Berlin offers modern rooms inspired by the famous painter Paul Klee and easy access to Friedrich-Wilhelm-Platz Underground Train Station. The room was clean, the hotel itself is quite well designed. Staff was very accommodating, breakfast was an absolute delight (everything you could imagine -- plus an espresso machine and 8 types of coffee.) Saw a lot of Berlin and this quaint, quiet picturesque platz (friedrich-Wilhelmi Platz) is right between  an UBahn station, and S-barn station, and major bus lines. Exe Klee Berlin features a business centre, fitness facilities, a full-service spa, concierge services, one meeting room, free Wi-Fi in common areas, elevator, and tour/ticket assistance.
It was very clean, the only hotel we stayed in with A/C, and we were very comfortable for our one night stay before flying out to go home. Great hotel can't comment on the room was meant to stay in but the penthouse was pretty special. The NHFV is a short walk from a tram stop, which also takes you to a metro stop, and is quiet and with helpful staff. Everything is functional, but the condition of the hotel is mixed. Decent sized car park although you cant pre-book a place. I arrived in Frankfurt via train from Munich and it was very simple to reach the hotel via a tram located in front of the train station. Two blocks over, you'll find a main road with plenty of restaurants. So if this is important to your stay then book somewhere else b Very good for the price I paid and everything worked. Free wifi worked well enough for email etc but you would need a higher speed ( available , but for a fee ) to download videos or games. The nearby motorway provides fast access to the hotel and surrounding area. The 3-star NH Frankfurt Villa hotelis a comfortable hotel conveniently located in a quiet neighborhood close to the Frankfurt Trade Fair, which is within an easy five minute walk. If you need a decent place to stay while attending the Messe, it is a fantastic location, only a short 8-10 min walk. The room was spacious, bigger than most budget European hotels, and clean. I am a fan of the NH Hotel chain, and the room was nice and up to standard for the chain. The staff at the Villa picked up the cable for me and had it waiting when i came down for breakfast. There were no extra or hidden fees upon check-in and the staff was very polite and helpful. There is no bar or restaurant however a good buffet breakfast is available with hot and cold food, and Ioved the 5pm  lazy day  checkout time on Sunday. Management staff where fantastic, very good customer service and attentive. Limited range of TV channels, but two are in English. I was only in Frankfurt for approximately 24 hours, so I wanted to get a hotel that was A) close to the city, B) easy to get to. With the closest train station just minutes away, you can easily reach the city center on public transportation to discover the beautiful old town of Frankfurt and its many attractions. The staff was super helpful, friendly, and we were the lucky guests of the day to get upgraded to the huge suite! Excellent hotel, friendly staff and great location for the Frankfurt Messe. I made a booking mistake and couldn't get into my room until Sunday. We were very close to the airport and in a safe area so it we appreciated that as we were at the end of a very long trip. Upon changing hotels i learned that night that i forgot my phone charger and adaptor at the previous hotel. !close to the Frankfurt messe; 4 blocks from the metro. I managed to get a room for Saturday night at the nearby NHFrankfurt Messe which is very nice also. Good breakfast, worn carpets, odd configuration where the of main staircase leads to an exit door that you can't use, and you have to walk around to the hotel to the car park to get in.
If you want sparkling and a concierge go to a chain. Also, the room had some sort of mold-like-substance high on the walls. It's the most  beautiful hotel room I've ever had. I requested the same room I'd had before and they very graciously gave it to us. You can stay in a Delta or Hyatt, but then you could be staying  anywhere in the world. As others have noted, the reception area requires traversing a steep set of stairs. It is a classic New Orleans hotel located in the french quarter.Plenty of restaurants with in walking distance.The staff was very helpful and friendly. When that was pointed that out to him, and was told he would not speak to a customer or any person in that way-the demeanor changed and it was dismissive. Parking is off-street, gated, behind the property, & $30 per day. We were on the Esplanade which was in residential neighborhood close to some great small local restaurants. No refrigerator so I had to cross the street back to the main building to get ice for our cooler twice a day. He even shared all his secrets about the best places to eat and things to see. Good location if you want some quiet - it's a short walk to the French quarter. Initially thought this was going to be a good stay. Great history to the building as well, and very beautiful. We called the front desk at about 530pm and was told they would send someone out. The Snug Harbour is just behind the back of the second portion of the hotel. Justin was a real sweetheart; going above and beyond for us. Overall, our experience was not terrible, but I would not stay at Lamothe House again. Right at the edge of the French Quarter, this hotel makes it easy to walk to a lot of fun places, but still gives you a space to get away from the crowds. However, I feel compelled to make a few notes regarding my recent stay at Lamothe House in New Orleans, Louisiana. Our second night there was a family of five next door that kept us awake until 3:30, not what you are looking for the night before an 11 hr drive. This was our first trip to New Orleans and were looking forward to staying here after many good reviews, but after being put in a room that you actually have to go outside and pull your bags across a street to even get to, combined with poor housekeeping and lack of service from the front desk I would not recommend this location to anyone. The hotel was beautiful especially the courtyard and the room was very nice. The entirety of the French Quarter is easily walkable from Lamothe House and this includes many restaurants and coffee shops. What makes it an astronomical fail is that one desk clerk had the nerve to call me a liar in regards to the personal pad wrapper. Loved the location for Frenchmen St, French Market and French Quarter! Though it is in need of a little refreshing, remember that the Lamothe House is a nearly 200 year old building in a 300-year-old city. He was helpful and bent over backwards to make our stay comfortable and gave us great local advice. I parked my car and for 3 days walked to everything as driving around in N.O. Easy access to anywhere we wanted to be with convenient parking (for a fee) The location is perfect for the French Quarter and Frenchman Street music with a wonderful pool and great staff. Historic Building, gated parking (that you have to pay for) HORRIFIC-and I mean terribly horrific not just meh or bad! Stayed in a 2-bed Grand Suite - it was spacious, charming and clean. We drove to WWII museum but everything else is easily walkable. The pool wasnt very clean, there were leaves and grass in the bottom and the hot tub was not even luke warm but over all i enjoyed my stay for my first new orleans experience. Music filled Frenchmens Street is literally around the corner, which made the stay worth it! I'm used to sleeping in a room that's always extremely quiet (I can't even hear it raining), so others probably wouldn't even notice. We had such a great stay and cannot wait to go back! I had a 3 day a stay at LaMoothe House that was very pleasant. We wanted to be close to Frenchman Street for the nightlife and Lamothe House is perfect for that being only two short blocks from the heart of the club district and yet quiet and safe feeling. Nice courtyard with pool/hot tub, tables, loungers, and outdoor bathroom. Nice quiet hotel in a great location, close to Frenchman street. I do not recommend towing a trailer through the tiny streets of the French Quarter. The hotel itself is an old mansion, with rooms facing onto a beautiful inner courtyard with a pool. I liked that it was also close to Frenchman Street, and the fantastic music that can be found there. Loved the historic hotel and room in Marigny House was great with super high ceilings and chandelier! Several other newer annexes on the property as well, with modern furnishings. Along with the 3 and 4 am outdoor converstions and revelry outside the property. During this entire week, housekeeping hasn't changed the bedding once, or cleaned the floors, or even replaced the supposed complimentary water you are supposed to get during your stay (we had these on the day we checked in and that was it). Room 120 seemed nicely situated with a semi-private outdoor patio in an alcove. Good location on the edge of the French Quarter but not so close that you have all the noise and traffic Both me and my wife had a great stay here. From Miciah, at the front desk, to the cute rooms and the quaint grounds. It was super close to Frenchman St. and we could even hear the jazz music from our room. There is a computer and printer for guest use (and a bowl of fruit!). Our room was small but comfortable and the pool and courtyard were pretty and quiet. I would definitely recommend it to others and would stay there again in a heart beat. Walking distance to Frenchmen street for music and food, plenty of Uber’s or cabs to get to where you cannot walk! This Hotel is  close  enough to  everything the French quater offers. It’s not for people who want sterile & uniform; stairs are crooked and some of the paint peels, but to us this was part of its charm. Only issue is that it was freezing this weekend and our room never warmed up as the heater was off when we arrived. Our small room, located in the building across the street behind the main house, was updated with new furniture, plumbing and bedding but it was cramped. You get into the building by security buzzer from Esplanade, and registration is on the second floor, no elevator, leave your luggage downstairs while you check in, or bring it up with you. Room was nice Staff was so so Be prepared to lug your bags to 2nd floor The staff were very friendly and the location of the hotel was perfect. Tried calling the 24 hour front desk again, and now either no answer or a voice mail box to leave a message and hope someone calls you back. We were allowed to place our bags in the reception area and use the pool. When we got there the tv in our room was messed up. Great location on the quieter end of the French Quarter, and one block from the venues on Frenchmen St. The hotel itself was beautiful and picturesque and in an excellent location close to Frenchmen St. Would definitely stay here again. We chose this lodging because it was charming and historical home in the French Quarter, but away from the noise and tourists (yet a short walk to all main attractions in the Quarter). The food was hot, the music was hotter ..... wow! When that person's supervisor was called in, I was then personally spoken to in a condescending manner. The maid never cleaned any part of our bathroom during our stay. Check in was fast and they had a secure parking lot for an additional 20 a night. Upon arrival, the room was fairly clean and the bed was made but the bathroom shower had a lot of shower scum or black mold. Great location and charming character are the hallmarks of The Lamonthe House. Overall, the room was lovely, but I will now say over priced due to issues with cleanliness (floors mainly, corners, slatted doors) that lacked thoroughness. He also gave us some good tips on where to eat. Lots of charm,  friendly, helpful staff, room was very comfy and clean. You can walk from the hotel in either direction on Royal Street and see the best of New Orleans. The gal working the reception desk was very helpful and even gave us some great recommendations when we happened to see her near the clubs. The house the hotel lobby and some rooms are stationed in look quaint and have a beautfiul hsitoric New Orleans esthetic, however my room was housed behind the pool in a trailer-like room setup up on a corridor leading to the busy back gate. Wonderful reception by Amanda who gave us terrfic suggestions for where to eat near by. We asked for extra creamers for our coffee and they never did get us those creamers, though. When we stayed at Lamothe House we really felt like we were living a piece of New Orleans’s history. Room was a little cold one day and really muggy the next with no way to change temp in room. Check-in was easy and we paid a daily fee for secured parking. Our stay at the Hotel was very pleasant, the suite was very nice and we loved the real New Orleans feeling as the Hotel is a treasure of the City in a true old neighborhood. If you are looking for a quaint authentic New Oleans hotel, you should try this one. Lamothe House was a large part of the reason we loved NOLA. We were sandwiched between two other rooms and you could hear every movement and word in those rooms, along with all the noise from passerbys entering and exiting the property. We found a few of them in our room and were told they weren't roaches but Palmetto bugs , only to google it and find out that Palmetto bugs is another name for the common American roach lol. Lamothe is our type of hotel - price and location by Frenchmen Street/French Quarter were perfect. I rarely complain or write reviews about hotels despite being an avid traveler. You are within 2 to 3 blocks for the main attractions and a easy trolley or cab ride from anything else. We told the man at the desk and he immediately moved us to a better room but that one had not been cleaned yet so he moved us to an even bigger room that was very nice. It is quiet and peaceful although Frenchman Street- with jazz and bars - is a two minute walk around the corner. I would definitely stay here again, but I would just check the bathroom before going in next time as to not get a heart attack from those flying SOBs. The only things that you might need to know if you are thinking about staying there is: it's $30/night to park in their secured parking lot, and they don't have an elevator. The Lamothe House is only a short walk to Bourbon Street and an even closer walk to a few small pubs. There is  no  extra services  such  as  food  or  bar,  but,  you  are  close  to  everything you  need. However, there was not a secure place to keep our luggage. We even walked to Harrah's Casino a few times and then would take a taxi back for about $10. The second day after I had called they came late afternoon with clean towels again. Had a leak due to room above us and maintenance checked in to see where it was coming from but never returned to see if it was fixed or to make sure none of our items were damaged. It is an older facility, spread over a couple of buildings. But if you are looking for a touch of old world charm with 12 foot ceilings and beautiful hardwood, with a special personal touch from the staff, then this is the place for you. I’ve stayed in the Quarter over a dozen times and this guest house rates high on the list with other period properties visited. They did not come at all the first day and we had to call for clean towels. Outside of the rooms guests can relax in the charming courtyard with garden pond or take a refreshing dip in the pool. Today, housekeeping also neglected to replace empty toilet paper and facial tissue in the washroom. First off, a big shout out to JUSTIN, the BEST frontdesk staffer EVAH. We had to visit the office repeatedly for towels and often the office was out of towels. They did a wonderful job preserving all the history of the house. The Lamothe House is just on the edge of the French quarter in a quieter area than many others. A little bit on the old, dingy and a little dirty side. I would definitely recommend staying here if you're visiting New Orleans. The hotel was lovely, quaint pretty on one of the most beautiful streets in NOLA. It is close to everything, has parking ($20 @ night), quiet and for a Old building very well kept. The gated parking lot was nice, and easy for me to get an oversized vehicle in and out of. No where to put luggage to even open it except on bed. Check-in was quick and easy (even at 11pm), our room was huge, pool was nice and staff was helpful! The classically styled en suite rooms and suites here are fitted with modern conveniences, like a LED TV, clock radio and MP3 player, coffee maker, telephone and hairdryer. The area and room were quiet and safe if a bit older but that is to be expected. Old building with some history,  Great location,  Nice folks,  Buildings' age makes for some quirkiness I did like the k cups/coffee machine in the room. After going out for the evening and returning around 1030pm, they have still not showed up with these essentials. It was evident by the tone they used when interacting with my requests and the dismissive attitude that they are not nor will not care about the cleanliness or upkeep. It is right beside Frenchman street which is where you can experience the best jazz music. The size of Grand Suite 101 was amazing for the Quarter. While we had a lovely room and hotel is definitely quintessential New Orleans and location is awesome the room walls are paper thin. A quintessential French Quarter hotel in a restored 19th century building, the 4-star Lamothe House Hotel offers carefully restored Grand Antique Suites that transport you back in time. The room had a Keurig coffee maker/supplies for our use. while not impossible, is difficult  with street construction and one way streets. We had no idea we would have to walk down a very narrow alley way, barely wide enough for a piece of luggage, to get to the very last room on that side of the building. Granted, the maid would not be able to reach these areas but combined with never having a clean bathroom or shower after day one, I thought it was worth mentioning. We arrived early and Justin was so nice and got us checked in early. Although, I will say, this is not uncommon in French Quarter accommodations. It's close enough to the French Quarter that we could walk, yet removed enough that we didn't have to deal with the constant craziness of a touristy area. If you're looking for a hotel with all the perks of a big hotel chain then don't go to Lamothe House. I just returned from a three night/four day stay over the Labor Day holiday. A delightful place to stay, matching our image of old New Orleans. I am a budget traveler and appreciate the value of Lamothe. Walking distance to all things in the square and surroundings. We used to live in New Orleans and know the city and the Hotel is delightful. There were no words to use or actions to show the management of this historical establishment that a clean room should be expected. Lovely hotel, staff were super friendly and it’s close enough to walk to everything but far enough away to stay quiet. Esplanade is a beautiful street and so much of the Bourbon Street, Frenchman Street, and the Decatur Street areas are an easy walk from the hotel. Floors not cleaned, hair in bathrooms around toilets and in tubs, mold, mildew, previous tenants personal pad wrapper left on floor. The pool came in handy and the courtyard was beautiful. The clerk was given one last opportunity to apologize for calling me a liar (he had been given a previous opportunity) due to his lack of concern for his craft or empathy, an apology never materialized. We had a great experience with the hotel staff who were very friendly both at check-in and check-out, and helped us get a cab to the airport quickly when Uber was experiencing price surging. Paint on curtains, return vents not cleaned, baseboards never cleaned...dust and buildup everywhere(lampshades, tv's etc) Broken furniture, gouges out of walls, finger holes in paintings and pictures. We had a very nice period room in what had been the original home, overlooking a courtyard with a fountain. Loved the whole place ,from the entryway to the garden space. Not sure what the hotel could do differently as it was not filthy or gross at all, they were very apologetic when we brought it up to them and even came down to clean them out. It really felt like we were off the main tourist track here. Great location from which  to explore Frenchman Street Jazz Clubs. Friendly staff helpep organise our itinary, giving advice for nearby restaurants and music venues. We also asked for clean sheets after my boyfriend accidentally spilled a drink on his side of the bed. I had no complaints about the Hotel.. Would stay there again! It is an excellent place  to  relax and enjoy NOLA. Housekeeping only supplies two bath and two hand towels and two washcloths, so if you need more, ask. When we arrived at the hotel, our room was not ready. The main structure was built in the 1800’s and houses the Office on the 2nd floor along with 5 Grand Suites with period furnishings. The hotel was closest  enough to everything but far enough away for it to be peaceful... There is no restaurant here, but many eateries line Frenchmen Street which is just three minutes’ walk away. There is barely any light in the bathroom shower area, and the bathroom door itself feels old and warped, as you need to pull very hard to close and push hard to open. Close to Frenchman Street where the best music is but far enough away that   even the evenings brass bands were playing on Frenchman Street we still got a good night's rest. Also, after our initial arrival we never got clean towels again without asking. I didn't give it a 5 because there was a little noise from the street which is just a few feet from this particular room. The historic Louis Armstrong Park is a 15-minute walk from Lamothe House Hotel, and the popular live jazz venue Old U.S. Mint can be reached in just under five minutes on foot. It's spacious and comfortable, and although we grinned at the small tub/shower combo (there's no stretching out in the bath unless you're 2), it's lined with marble and the showerhead was plenty high (I'm 5'8), and higher than a number of chain hotels I've stayed in. That being said we also found out that they're very common to the area .
Additional amenities at this hotel include complimentary wireless Internet access, babysitting/childcare (surcharge), and tour/ticket assistance.Rooms have private facilities, balcony, air conditioning, safe, frigobar (empty), shower box, hair dryer, satellite TV, telephone and Wi-fi. Annex: 10 m Public indoor pool: Rimini 3 km Grocery store: 300 m Shopping possibilities: 300 m Railway station: Rimini 7 km Airport: Rimini 15 km Ocean: 10 m Front sea View available with charge (on request) Single rooms are not available.The swimming pool is open from June until the mid September and has the following opening hours: 09:30 - 12:15 and then 15:00 - 18:30.Hotel Campeador is located in Torre Pedrera of Rimini just 10 meters from the beach and very close to many shops, bar and restaurants.Located in the centre. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as an outdoor pool or take in the view from a terrace and a garden.
The location was very convenient, close to metro stations, supermarket and a variety of restaurants and excellent bakeries. On 28th Jan. at 10.30am staff lady on reception was very helpful.I asked her to make map  main attractions in paris. Non working elevator - the staff did not put the elevator out of order or even label it as such even though they knew it was not working! The location is good and the room was nice, if a little small for 4. The strange thing is they don't provide you with real cups to drink out of, instead they give you paper cups (but upon request, they gave us cups from their restaurant to use on our last day). Sodas and water will still set you back 3 to 4 euros no matter what. Restaurants, bars and cafes burst with night life activity after 8pm. Animated, lively street with lots of bars, restaurants, theatres and grocery stores nearby. More like a higher end 3 star hotel but spacious rooms with good amenities. The restaurant "Bistro de l'Echanson " offers a traditional menu from 12am to 11pm. Eiffel Tower, Louvre Museum, Notre Dame cathedral and Versailles are all 20-30 min by train. The bar "l'Entracte" open from 7 am to 11pm, provides a choice of drinks and cocktails. Hotel is part of the Accor chain so they have higher quality, cleanliness and friendliness standards then non-chain hotels. Live like the local Parisians at this great location in a non-touristy area. 5 meeting rooms are equipped for business travellers to organize conference and seminars. On our 2nd night we managed to watch the Eiffel Tower sparkle from our bed! We were more than happy with this rather than having to go through insurance and wait for who knows how long. Tourists will also enjoy it because of its location near the Gare Montparnasse, and means of transportation located nearby, such as the RER, subway, bus stops or stations Vélib. Reception staff were polite and helpful, breakfast was great, Overall it's value for money. Our holiday lands got cancelled at the last min due to heavy snow fall. Nothing was done to get the power working during my entire stay- no TV, no fridge, no outlets. Building works in hotel was not informed about when booking. Front desk receptionist came up and told me my adapter was not compatible with France, but he offered me the option of charging my phone at the front desk! Were not able to taste their food due to a remodeling of the facilities, however plenty of restaurants around. For the price is a very good hotel, small neighborhood hotel, very comfortable, very close to the metro station. Power to all the outlets in my room went dead after I plugged in my adapter. I was able to charge my phone with the same charger in the hotel lobby, at the Echanson restaurant attached to the hotel and the Pho restaurant across the street without a problem! Our room was on the side where the street was so we couldn't leave the windows open due to noise and cigarette smoke. Mercure Paris Montparnasse is located in the heart of 14th district. Designed for businessmen because of its proximity to the Business Center of Montparnasse and the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, it is housed in a modern building. There are 185 rooms and suites with air conditioning, of which 132 are non-smoking, with design furniture await guests and provide standard amenities for this kind of properties of Accor chain hotels. Lots of nice local cafes and restaraunts, although the area did have a few blue oyster bars which took some explaining to our 9 year old boy, hardly the hotels fault though. Two male receptionists arguing with a female customer inappropriately in public while ignoring me and my wife for 10 minutes. Most of the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly and the breakfast was tasty. I was never told that I had to pay city taxes upon check in. The air conditioning did not work in the room and I asked 5 different times about it, made the room very uncomfortable. Although our online booking was non refundable, due to the unfortunate circumstances they happily rebooked for a different weekend with only a very small charge. Bobino Theater that features shows, performances and dance is located only one block away.
it was a nice place for the most part, but there was blood in the bathroom when we arrived  on the hair dryer, wall, floor and round the sick base. Lastly... this hotel is not close to the strip or downtown.. you will need a car rental or Uber to get you both places. Arizona Charlie's Decatur is two miles from the Las Vegas Golf Course and three miles from the Las Vegas North Premium Outlets. We spent most of our time hiking and sightseeing outside of the casinos. The hotel also has a 24-hour cafe and several bars and lounges. room reeked of smoke, telephone didn't work and toilet backed up. The room was much more updated that the casino and I have no complaints. The renovated tower rooms were very nice, cooling system was a little problem. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family and would definitely visit again. High traffic area both in terms of vehicles and people, but there was visible security everywhere. Room was non-smoking but you could tell it was smoked in often...if we hadn't arrived so late I would have requested a different room. There was a faint smell of cigarette smoke, but not enough to cross my sensitivity threshold. The cigarette smoke was so thick my eyes were burning and the smell is terrible. About the only thing that this hotel has going for it is the price of the rooms. But there were so few games to play and nobody was on them. It was nice food was good as well specially the mash potatoes Hotel was not bad but fire alarm went off and no one evacuated which means it happens all the time. I would say, the strip is about 5 miles away. Once we entered the room, we didn't leave it until we checked out the next morning. We only stayed one night, but the hotel made our trip great. Reserve a king size bed got a double bed room, ask for nonsmoking room got a room that stunk of cigar ask for help to change room desk person just would not do anything to help ask for manager she told me they all went home  for the day this is a casino. The bed was not comfortable for me but everyone else was fine. The hotel has its own casino with slots, table games, sports betting and Las Vegas' only 24-hour bingo room. A gift shop in the lobby is perfect for those needing last-minute souvenirs. I was very disappointed, tired, and embarrassed that I had friends with me at this place. And because I wanted to give a fair review, I decided to eat there a second time and confirmed that this buffet is only average in flavor and price. My overall experience was just wonderful and made my stay in Las Vegas even better!!! The atmosphere from the outside looked like it was up to par, but when we got inside, we found a different story. Close to the freeway, lovely improvements good food in, security personnel in entire facility helpful. The coffee machine is full of dust and I need to clean it in order to make hot water for coffee I brought with. when checking in they charge a low priced resort fee and explain to you that the fee includes high speed internet. Multiple food and drink venues, including Charlie's Market Buffet and Ron's Steakhouse, provide the comfort of all-day dining without venturing out. We went to a wedding.This was close to the Golf Resort.Where the ceremony took place. These Resort Fees are a ripoff for services 90% of us do not use. This hotel has mostly senior citizens being trucked in by shuttle busses that only smoke and play the slots. The hotel rooms are dated, but for the price.. you can't beat it. Perfect location not to far from the Las Vegas strip and in walking distance to all my favorite places I visit at home such as, Walmart, IHOP, Applebee's, and Red Lobster. The coffee shop menu is small but the portions generous. It was clean, the room was spacious and our requests for more towels and for someone to fix our toilet were met promptly. The Sourdough Cafe  was great and had great dine in deals! Was good experience in the hotel only one problem no mouch chanels in cabletv We immediately checked out of that place and was not given option of refund due to booking through Travelocity. It was pretty much a basic hotel but had good prices We booked this hotel for our aikido event hosted nearby. there attitude was vary poor and said thats what you get..  there attitude really sucked. never will I stay there or tell anyone else to stay there. It was a nice stay, the staff was friendly and the place was clean. Our room 4405 had a fantastic view of a Wall. Everything was ok expect for the pillows were horrible and the cotton was coming out of the pillows. 20 minute lyft or uber ride to the strip . Do not recommend if you are super sensitive to cig smell. Paper thin walls allowed us a ring side seat to a verbal domestic that the Hotel staff and Security failed to control, wasted that nite of sleep. Individual air conditioning is installed in every room, and the bathrooms have both showers and tubs..  During the warmer months, guests can take a dip in the outdoor swimming pool and relax in the hot tub. The hotel is not on the strip, easy to park the car and walk to hotel rooms. The really big plus is there is no Resort Fees like most of the other casinos. after going to our room we hooked up our laptop and it showed the cox internet was on but the speed was so slow we could not open up e-mails or do anything else. Coffee was only left in the room half the time. The room was more spacious than expected and was pretty clean. But I do have to admit that the staff and the people working there were all very friendly. I wish the casino was bigger but good food at sourdough cafe. Not one person from house cleaning cleaned it up the 6 days we were there. This trip was a last minute one, and I needed to find a cheap place. to get to the elevator to go to my room you have to go through the casino. Had a pre-paid reservation with a non-smoking room, but was put into a smoking room, but was moved the next day. Other than that the rooms were clean and nice, Great stay. Quiet and convenient although room service is very slow to respond. Carpet in bad need of replacing and had a very strong deodorizer scent which left my nose and eyes burning. Arizona Charlie's was right up our alley for the price. Easy parking, Constant security.. close enough to everything Las Vegas has to offer. The purpose of my stay for a quick overnight stop in Vegas with my kids. Parking was good and my daughter loved going to the antique mall across the way. There was a soccer tournament close by, so it was a short drive. The only thing was that the sourdough cafe food I would rate average, but wait staff were friendly. Management didn't want to handle the situation and they had a security guard and cleaning person verify there were bugs and offer us another room. This hotel is very run down, the bathroom is dirty, carpet is filthy, casino filled with smoke, people are unfriendly, but Most of All they HAVE BED BUGS! First time starting here and will be back again real clean staff berry good attitude price are not that high and away from all the noise from vegas blvd see you next mouth Staff and valet attendants were super friendly, helpful and attentive. My only complaint was the cigarette stale smoke smelll was strong. The casino attached to the hotel is older but 24 hour bingo is fun. They have their own parking (ample) area and is near shopping areas. I am not a gambler, but I do like to stay up and watch people play the games. we notified the front desk several times over a 3 day period and they could have not cared less. Hotel room needs to be updated shower head was spitting water. We order spaghetti and it was okay, my daughter  didn’t care to finish it even though she usually loves spaghetti. A/C couldn't go below 69* if you have hot flashes don't stay here! The appealing and functional rooms come with a mini fridge, coffee maker, flat-screen TV and telephone. The location is off the strip, but it only takes about 10 min to drive to the strip and parking was always very crowded. Phenomenal experience staff was more than helpful made me feel like I was at home away from home. This motel was very clean, beds were very comfy and was within 10-15 mins of las vegas strip or freemont strip. We felt safe, the neighborhood was a little run down. It was so much fun at the casino and the hotel everything perfect thx One towel was stained...room was dated and the tub drain was slow. If you are looking for a place to stay on the strip, this is not it. Adjacent to the Charleston Heights Shopping Center, Arizona Charlie's Decatur is recognised by its Old-West-inspired facade.
My wife and I really enjoyed our stay at The Whitney Hotel. There are coffee makers in the room but the hotel does not have brewed coffee available in the lobby. The on-site restaurant, Bistreaux at the Bank, serves authentic Creole cuisine. It's a historic hotel (former bank) with a lot of history and is located right int he center of downtown New Orleans. The bathroom floor had some black stains as well as the inside of the toilet. The location is close to the French Quarter, Riverwalk and Harrahs Casino. Honestly if they replaced the carpet and made the linen/pillows a little nicer it'd be a luxury hotel. The hotel is tiny and the rooms are old and run down. Less than 10 minutes by car from The Whitney Hotel Hotel is Harrah's Casino and the Mercedes Benz Superdome. It was great to stay in this historical boutique hotel - it’s close to everything and also has a lot of unique charm! I chose this hotel because of the location as it is close to bourbon street as well as the event i was atrending. When they did come around, they did a good job cleaning. I was surprised to learn the hotel doesn't have a bar/restaurant and that the room didn't have a refrigerator but that was my fault for not asking. The key didn’t work to the room and then the air conditioner didn’t work and then the toilet wouldn’t flush. The main floor is elegant with the teller windows, the columns and ornate plaster work of the original bank building. 2nd night we did not have sheets and duvet cover only. Great place love the reuse of a Wonderful building !!!!!!! Wouldn’t stay here again though, too outdated and not a good value. The building was nice and unique as it used to be an old bank. This converted bank building is quite charming, with historic bank facilities preserved in the lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful, there is a breakfast but it is just some bread and some fruit. Wish the shower had been a little bit hotter and stronger though! Front desk said they had two types of suites, and were sold out, so this is what I could have. Overall it was a good hotel because of the staff. The rooms were clean and comfortable - nothing fancy, but pleasing. There’s also a casual brasserie-style eatery, and a private dining room located in the former vault. Also I didn't have a microwave or refrigerator in the room which I didn't like. Hotel staff was indifferent since we booked thru Expedia and not direct. Check in and check out smooth and there were plenty of towels and wash rags in the bathroom (which always seems to be a problem for us at other properties). The hotel was very quiet and there was minimal street noise in our particular suite. No blankets although the room was boiling with an A/C that did not work. We had a couple concerns but they were address right away. Next morning I found out that the second room did not have warm or hot water for the shower. It was very nice and interesting because they kept a lot of the old bank look in their hotel. The only think I didn't like is that there are no safebox and fridge in the room. Hotel itself has great character and isn't like every cookie-cutter hotel out there these days. Ernest Memorial Convention Center is also about a mile away, while the shops at Canal Place mall can be reached by foot in less than 10 minutes. Seemed like the toilet was as old as the building. Call front desk and get a guarantee of room type. This is not a huge hotel with a big lobby, lots of activity, or a big exercise room--and we liked that. I did have a problem with the shower head in my room, however, it didn't make for a bad stay. It's an older building with some charming features, but be warned that this does mean some of the bathroom furnishings are a little older and may be due for an update. Side note, the microwave is on the second floor near the gym. The only issue was a leaky faucet The room was very comfortable but the water pressure was not good Poydras street was a little noisier in the mornings than I expected, but again, that's not the hotel's fault. Room on 2nd floor and it was very street noisy. She helped me with several of my questions and always with a smile on her face! The tv was pretty bad too, and you had to pay for parking per far which was $32!. Even took the time to answer questions that I had after our stay. The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our needs. The paint on the windows was peeling off and there was no air circulation in the room. Bathroom/shower were good sized and allowed for a taller person to take a shower comfortably. Shower pressure in the three rooms we stayed in were all poor and there is no refrigerator or microwaves in the room. Decent rate for a historical hotel; superior service, decent breakfast, perfect for on the go business travel, coffee in the lobby always hot and proximity was perfect. This was not what was pictured on web site: sleeping area with adjacent sitting area with sofa, chairs, etc. We stayed twice, 1 night before we left for a cruise and the night we returned. It's also a couple blocks to Magazine St. to catch the bus to go to the Garden District if you want a quicker trip than the street car. The bathroom was a good size, and the towels were thicker than we've had before. There is a small restaurant inside that is not owned by the hotel (though you wouldn't know that until you ask to put your bill on your room). I give Kudos to the front desk clerk, Brittney; she was wonderful! The room was great and the bed was fantastic allowing for a great night's rest. I was pleasantly surprised by the helpful and friendly staff at the Whitney. Laundry and dry cleaning services, as well as valet parking and complimentary newspaper are all available to guests, as well as use of a business center. Brian the Manager was awsome, he took care of us throughout our stay. I thought it was a random spot to put the microwave instead of the eating area on the first floor. Built inside of a former bank this historic New Orleans hotel has been rated three stars and contains many original features, including vault doors, and is great for exploring the French Quarter. Each time we need a place to stay in downtown NOLA, we will stay at the Whitney. While i was there housekeeping cleaned the room once out of the 4 nights that i stayed. It is 2 blocks away from the mississippi river as well as all the tour start locations. Booked last minute and got a reasonable rate for 2 double beds. The complimentary continental breakfast was fine except that the bread and pastry offerings were very stale. Breakfast was a few pieces of fruit and 2 small pastries. Customer service was great and the hotel staff was very friendly! But there were two tvs inside two armoires, so plenty of drawer space. The staff were exceptional and there really wasn't too much to complain about. The hotel did take care of the problems but it just made our time there a hassle. Each guestroom at The Whitney Hotel Hotel features cable television, an alarm clock, hairdryer, work desk, iron and board, free Wi-Fi, and coffee maker. The Whitney is a perfect location to walk to the St. Charles street car, to the French Quarter, to the WW II museum and warehouse districts. Brian and Brittany were stellar as they were professional and friendly, but also very welcoming in their handling of questions, directions and everything else an out of towner brings with them. Our room was clean but small but we had a great view of the city. I wish there was some meet in the continental breakfast however. Our only complaint was the wait time for our vehicle from valet parking. When we got to room it was two connected rooms with two queen beds and no sitting area. My choice late at night was to try to find another hotel and fight with Travelocity for a refund, or accept the inferior accommodations. I would probably stay elsewhere the next time I’m in New Orleans. Hotel is located to where you can walk to all areas of New Orleans, staff was very helpful and accomodating, the room was very clean, fresh smelling. The room was a decent size as well as the bathroom. Our King suite was unexpectedly a king bed and a double bed instead of a couch area and the room only had one window, making it feel rather dark. Honestly you are paying for location and convenience, which both were nice. Hotel was centered around all activities that my group partipated in. Rooms were not ready when we arrived at 5pm for check in. Luggage storage was a plus and they allowed us to check out late since we arrived after midnight. We checked into our hotel at 1:30am and they were extremely accommodating. The location was nice and you could walk to a lot of places, but there’s nothing at all to eat or drink in the hotel, no vending machines, the shower barely worked, the paint was chipping on the walls, the mattress was very squeaky and while I was trying to lay down with my daughter to get her to nap, a guy just barged in to spray for bugs. This was an excellent choice for our visit to New Orleans.
Secondly, the bath towels they provided are worn out - they have the texture of old tea towels. Had I come in the early spring or winter, my stay would have been more pleasant. The hotel is small with small staircase but the room is quite clean, bathroom inside (which is hard to find in Paris except the more expensive ones), staff very nice. Set at the centre of Montmartre district in Paris, Luxelthe Hotel will give you great values and superb hospitality. Great staff, great room, stairs could use a renovation . Each room is equipped with a heating system, safety deposit box, free Wi-Fi, and a flat screen television. Even walking up the stairs without any bags is such a hassle. Bus stop for Open Tour Hop On Hop Off bus also nearby. I can't really blame the hotel for the extremely hot weather, but here are my reasons for giving Luxelthe such a low score. Thirdly, the support for the showerhead in my room is broken. I've stayed at other small hotels in Paris and they all have elevators. No breakfast, shower had no door, the shower gel dispenser was empty. Furthermore, the hotel is surrounded by a lot of bars and cafés. Sacred Heart Basilica can be reached through a ten-minute walk. It was good for what it was - budget amenities but a fantastic location. From Luxelthe Hotel, the famous Moulin Rouge is a five-minute walk away. Without airconditioning, a fan in my room, or even an ice machine in the hotel, the heat was unbearable. Dining options outside include Shenaz, Les Rillettes, Le Bouillon Chartier, and Restaurant Paris 9. The front desk is open for 24 hours a day and offers tour & ticket assistance, and luggage storage. You have to hold the showerhead when bathing; otherwise, it pivots towards the wall because the holder/cradle is loose and can't be tightened. In the red light district, but neighborhood felt very safe (single woman travelling alone). The hotel is just 2 min walk from Pigale Metro Station. The price is quite expensive but I guess that's Paris. Overall, nice stay for easy access to city of Paris. Abbesse and Pigalle Metro Station is just a two-minute walk from the establishment. I was in Paris in mid-June when the daily temperature was above thirty degrees Celsius. If you're staying on the 4th floor, just imagine carrying your luggage all the way up using the narrow staircase. Wonderful, kind staff and clean basic room with shower in a lovely central Montmartre  location
Location is brilliant.... a few minutes walk ti Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate tube station. Staff were indifferent and did not even ask why when we checked out two days early. Overall good place but would ask for a room that is not on the street next time. The room was clean, spacious and best of all warm!! So if you want a room the size of a shoe box, that it have to stand on the bed to get dressed in, then go for it. The reception is open for 24 hours and laundry and room services are accessible during limited hours. The hotel has a bar and a luggage storage at guests disposal. Breakfast was of a good standard with plenty of cereals, cooked food and yoghurts. Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are just a short walk away from the hotel and the Royal Albert Hall and the Science museum are within 2 mile radius from the hotel. The hotel has 55 rooms and features single, double, triple and quad rooms are available at the Elysee hotel. shower was a bit hard to move around in as it was so small, but the room was ideal for the couple of nights we stayed, located was good  and the staff were great. There is no on-site restaurant but Ristorante Taormina and Concordia Restaurant are just some of many restaurants located nearby the Elysee hotel. Excellent location Noisy air con and fan in bathroom - couldn't have them on overnight as too noisy  Breakfast was good The public parts of the hotel were somewhat messy and looked dated. First of all the man at reception that greated us was rude, and not welcoming at all. (Bearing in mind outside it was around 5 degrees, so they over compenstated by turning the heating right up)  Woke at 3am due to the tempreture of the room and had to go stand outside for an while, just to cool down. Will stay at Elysee Hotel again on our next trip to London! Small front and hidden number made the hotel hard to find. We were on London for 2 nights, 3 days and the size of room for that length of visit was fine but I couldn’t imagine staying in the space for longer then that..I know European hotels are smaller but this room and bathroom were particularly small. There is pub across the street and there were evenings where the noise was a bother. Good value and convenient for everything , We use it on all visits to London The hotel's location is well connected with other parts of town with public transportation. Good experience staff was great and very helpful they book tours for us at hotel Due to it being my wifes birthday we received a free room upgrade at the back of the hotel which was fab. Would recommend the hotel and will stay here again in the future for sure. The Elysee hotel is a three star hotel located in central London. Rooms commodities also include wireless internet access (for a fee), satellite TV, an in-room safe and coffee and tea making facilities. On the plus side the bed was comfortable and the towels were good quality. Window has not got modern double glazing so very noisy as hotel opposite a pub that was still noisy until 3am in the morning. Has to be the most unimpressive hotel i have ever stayed in. Small and clean room close to Hyde park and many restaurants. Rooms are a bit small, but anyway I guess it's the best one cat in London for these rates 3 choices of cereal, dodgy coffee machine, no plain yogurt, fruit salad looked tinned, scrambled eggs had been kept warm for a while, sausages were horrible, cheap baked beans that were very watery, the mushrooms and the bacon were ok. We had booked 2 nights but couldn't face staying the secound night so left. We stayed between 16th and 18th February 2018 arriving a little early for check in, however reception staff checked and our room wss ready. Wonder if the larger rooms are set up better to give this hotel 3 star rating. The hotel is closer to Lancaster gate than Paddington Station, got lost trying to find the it from Paddington. The room was also very small, so the heat was unbearable. Very poor value for money and surprised so many guests thought this hotel was good. He didnt explain the procedure for breakfast and did not give us any information only that there is no smoking in the hotel (which i dont smoke anyway, so useless information)  The hotel is so hot it is unbearable, the aircon in the room doesnt work, so you cant even get restbite from the heat.
The bikes are a good facility, couldn't really get the saddle high enough for my 6'3 but they are only to get into and around the centre- not mountain biking. It is a fair out of the centre- long walk if it's warm! She assisted us with our tours & train rides and anything else we needed. My husband and I booked a couples massage, which was wonderful. They should have an earlier shuttle service for people going on tours that meet at the Santa Maria train station as the hotel is far from this main meeting point so we had to keep paying for cabs otherwise a nice hotel . The on-site Flora & Fauno features lunch and dinner that specializes in Tuscan cuisine courtesy of chef Martin Vitaloni. Breakfast was yummy and staff were very helpful and polite! There are still some pizzeria's and trattoria's close by and the spa is great for your tired legs, albeit small but perfectly formed. Also, there is an outdoor pool, garden, and wellness centre. Beyond restaurant recommendations, they had the information on concert tickets and local events. This is definitely not the case with this hotel, the pictures do not give it full credit. When returning to florence in the future, we will stay at Ville sul'Arno! Can go as late as 10.30 and still full selection. Bed turned down in the evening and sweets left on the bed. My check came out to about 140 euros which i paid in euros. The 45 guest rooms come with a minibar, satellite and cable channels, private bathroom with slippers, and electric kettle. Although not in the center (which is in my opinion nicer quieter and more romantic)  I highly recommend this place. I would love to come back just because of this wonderful hotel & staff. Saying that, they have a free shuttle bus back and forth daily, and free bikes to hire. My husband and I got a couple’s massage during our stay. Outdoor pool and loungers very nice, relaxing music tries to distract from the traffic noise. The hotel is in a fantastic spot on the banks of the Arno. Nice hotel but didn’t receive mt 15% discount  on my dinner there as promised. Marta from the front desk went above and beyond to assist us with any questions we might have and was extremely pleasant when she escorted us to our hotel room. Breakfast was very good, and the recommendation to have dinner near by at a local family restaurant was also very good. All of the staff was wonderful & the food/drinks were delicious! The staff could not have been more helpful or accommodating. The beds were not very comfortable but we didn’t expect much due to the fact that most of the hotels we’ve stayed in Europe were about the same quality. Borrowed one of their bikes for the day and saw a lot more of Florence then I would have managed on foot. Amazing hotel that was more like a large home with a spa like atmosphere.Wonderful staff across the board. It was a great hotel nice spa and other facilities would definitely go back again It was a 20 minute walk to where we spent our time exploring Firenze, but they also had a free shuttle which was thoughtful. It is an easy 25 minute walk to the city center. Excellent quality hotel conveniently located about a 25 minute walk from central Florence. Don't be fooled by the wording, emotional shower; it is just time with you and your partner in a private shower with some exfoliant (it is what you make of it, really)... While a little further from the main areas of Florence, the hotel offers free bikes and shuttle service with select times. The massage therapists were very professional and it was a pleasant experience. We also took advantage of their free shuttle that took you to their city center and their free mifi. Special thanks to Noemi and Giulia at the front desk, and Magda and Noe at the spa. The only negative was the distance to the city center but I would definitely stay there again! Seems like the pictures posted for family suites were difficult from what you got when you arrived very disappointing. They had different types of bread, croissants, cereal, pastries, juices, lattes, and cappuccino - a good selection before starting your day. Part of the Planetaria Group, this villa features views of the Arno river. Ville sull’Arno is 1.4 miles from Piazza della Signoria and 1.5 miles from Palazzo Vecchio and Santa Maria Novella. The spa and pool facilities are great with a pool sauna and steam room available for most of the waking day! Great selection at breakfast, espresso or cappuccino made to order. Finally the breakfast, it seems at first a bit pricey but go and have the buffet breakfast, everything on offer is top quality Staff are fantastic, excellent English spoken at reception and in the restaurant. This is a fine hotel with a great view of the Arno river. If I go back to Florence, this hotel must be my choice! If I had one minor negative comment it would be if the hotel run more shuttle buses of a morning to the main city centre. The wireless router to borrow from reception is really useful. Shuttle facility into town and a nearby bus stop to get you back to Santa Maria Novella train station on your last day. My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights during our honeymoon. Very pretty little hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. I would definitely recommend it and would stay there again. The hotel offers a shuttle that runs often to get to the center of Florence. Bit of a grumpy night manager, but aren't they all? Be sure to get a room with the view of the Arno. I loved the view from the room where you are able to see the sunrise in Florence reflecting on the river. Ville Sull’Arno has thought of everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Excellent time really enjoyed stay friendly staff warm and comfortable It is a bit further out from the centre, so be prepared to walk a bit! Everything right down to the free flip flops for pool use was very well thought out and great quality. Stayed for a week and found that it worked really well for us. Many hotels look great in pictures but don't live up to it in person. This wellness centre offers a sauna, Turkish bath, heated pool, and chromotherapy. The location was perfect; the rooms were beautiful; and the staff was so friendly and helpful. I was expecting a suite for my family but that is not what we got it was a room with 3 beds placed around the room. This was my second time here and it did not disappoint!!
Metropolitan Hotel Berlin is located in the Wilmersdorf area of Berlin, close to metro stations that connect directly to the best destinations in the city. Hotel is close to 3 metro stations and the staffs are very friendly. Hallway carpets a bit worn out and floor boards creaking with every passing person I will stay in this hotel again when visiting Berlin next time. Helpful 24-hour front-desk staff can provide travel information and can store luggage. Two of the staff members at reception were nice an kind. There are 76 guestrooms in the hotel, all of which are outfitted with a flat-screen cable television, phone, and in-room safe. The night staff is terrible  The guy Sitting in the corner and reading newspaper and he didn't bother to get his head up and see who is coming to the reception  He shouldn't be working as a receptionist !!!!!!! Metropolitan Hotel Berlin is just over half a mile away from Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church. A buffet breakfast is served in the dining room on a daily basis. For all other meals, there are several restaurants within a ten-minute walk of the property. Guests can rent a bicycle on site and can grab a free newspaper from the lobby.
15 minutes later, I went to get something from the car and saw the person who was supposed to be working the front desk pull up and enter the front doors. During our 2 night stay neither day had pool towels. Daniel was working at the time, stated our room was not held for us after a 6 hour drive with 4 children. We grabbed our keys and let ourselves into the room. Indoor pool was useless since it wasn't heated, complete waste spending the extra money for it. The worse part is they request a deposit of $100 on your card, which 6 days later is still showing as a withdrawal on my account, in addition to the reservation being non refundable this hotel is not cost effective and is not your normal Comfort Suites. This hotel’s convenient location makes this an ideal destination to stay while exploring the San Antonio River Walk, Majestic Theatre, and the Missions National Historical Park. Just need to upgrade the mattress on the sofa bed. A big disappointment to me is when the TV's are bolted to the wall and you cannot plug in other devices to it (the case at this property). The room size was great but it look like the carpet hasn't been vacuumed in awhile. Placing residents within easy access to the best that San Antonio has to offer, Comfort Inn and Suites San Antonio provides a nice, family atmosphere. Hotel was in good condition, breakfast was decent, and staff was pleasant. The bed was nice, restroom was nice, and the whole hotel was nice. I’m pretty sure there was a wad of hair or fur in the corner by the sofa and there were a few things smeared on the walls. The hotel would not accept a tax exempt certificate, nor would they put it under my Choice Privileges account for points. I checked in at night and the night front desk guy was great, rooms were clean and the pool was awesome for the kids After waiting 30 minutes, we noticed our room keys and check in information were just sitting on the front desk for anyone to take. Booked room under the impression it was equipped with a jacuzzi tub. A fitness center, indoor heated pool and hot tub are available for all to enjoy. They referred us to hire management which all end up having the same last name so it’s pointless to file the complaint. This hotel is a nightmare from the moment you walked into the room you can smell the mold. The pool was super super super nasty you couldn't see 1 step down the pool Hot tub bubbles were beige from how dirty it was. The hotel was relatively close to downtown, the checkin and checkout process was fast, our suite was spacious and comfortable, and the staff were friendly. The pool was very cloudy and had so much chlorine it was burning my kids eyes. Front desk staff Did not care to help in anyway. Smoke alarm went off at 7am cause of the kitchen and no one even apologized. My only complaint would be that the indoor pool was way to cold. Very clean, good parking and convenient to 6 Flags and the Riverwalk. Daniel stated he was unable to call his supervisor and was unable to help us find another place to stay. Pool needed a little maintenance but overall will definately recommend this hotel Room probably hardly ever used caused it had a musty smell and it’s by the elevator. Would not recommend to anyone if you have health issues. The hotel was ok, the service was good but the room stinks of mildew and humidity On the positive side, the internet speed was very good and the location was great. Did you know if you book with Expedia you do not get the same privileges as someone who books direct? Upon check in it was not and the manager on duty was extremely rude about it. Upon arriving to the hotel, there was no one at the desk. The pictures on the website are nothing like what's really here. There was a fire alarm one morning (turned out to be cooking related in the breakfast area). A false fire alarm went off at 6 am waking everyone up The in-room coffee makers should make 5 cups, but they give you two single cup packets to use! Something we appreciate much is kindness of staff Here is the case Leaving the desk vacant when you know someone is coming in late is bad enough. Leaving our personal information out for anyone to grab is pretty unacceptable. Complimentary Wi-Fi, free weekday newspaper, and guest laundry services are among the more-basic amenities provided at The Comfort Inn and Suites San Antonio. My room key stopped working and i had to wait a few hours to be able to get someone too fix it. I would book a room at this hotel again whenever I come back to San Antonio. But I did have a problems....Bed sheets were very damp. Very few cameras on parking lot so if something happens probably no video of it. Some friends and I stayed here for NCAA final four championships. First room gave us smelled to much smoke, second room offered , bath tub clotted and dirty  Needs good housekeeping, but front desk nice Visitors will appreciate the short drive to the San Antonio International Airport. Only gave 4 stars because the bed was *so* hard. A/C was on but never got cold pillows are small squares NOT WORTH THE PRICE WILL NOT BE BACK ! Each spacious unit includes comfortable bedding, flat-screen televisions, refrigerators, and microwaves. Good value for the price ...i will be booking this room again . The room was extremely dirty and the bathtub don’t get me started it was disgusting . The pool has too much chlorine that it  damaged bathing suit. Guests enjoy a complimentary breakfast which features eggs, meats, fresh fruit, and a variety of hot waffle flavors. There was also a small cockroach crawling on the wall. Old whole hotel is non smoking BUT everywhere you go smells like smoke. There was a used bar of soap stuck to the wall at the top in shower! Select rooms also offer a sofa sleeper, whirlpool bathtub, and wet bar. Is very good my experience in this hotel and recomende my friends Easy check in and easy check out with no problems. I called twice to make sure it would be ok to check in late since my flight arrived at midnight and was assured it would be fine. Hotel keys quit working randomly and fire alarm went off at 7 in the morning. People upstairs were loud and office was notified, noise continued. I was tired and just wanted to get into my room, that is why i didn't complain the next day.
At iQ, guest can enjoy fresh and healthy daytime food choices. There is also a currency exchange, hairdressing salon and business centre on site. So room service kept entering the room to see if some one is inside or not. Comfortable rooms and exclusive VIP floors await guests with discriminating tastes. Over at the Biergarten, guests can experience authentic German beer garden dining and drinking. The five star experience extends to the Aqua Diagonal Wellness Centre where guests can enjoy swimming and workout facilities. While this is good in general it is still not really ready for accepting guests. The basic room features feather eiderdown bedding, free Wi-Fi, 24-hour room service and bathrobe and slippers. Upgrades include turn down service, balconies, desks and living room areas. Everything would have been perfect if not for the lack of internet in the morning. Also the pool and workout room is currently out of service... They should not have opened again before making sure that every thing works fine... In general the hotel has great potential and in two former visits before the renovation the stay was great. The do not disturb sign is electronic and it did not work. The air conditioning in my room did not work properly and either was on a fixed 19 degrees or I had to turn it off. This goes for the people who replace the minibar and others. I told the counter two time that I did not require room service and that I only want to work in peace but this did not help. Guests can enjoy a special museum package that features breakfast and admission to the nearby FC Barcelona and Camp Nou. A five star hotel experience right on the Avenida Diagonal in Barcelona.
The hotel is clean and the reception staff was great, very helpful. About five minutes on foot from the main train station, the ibis Duesseldorf City offers modern, smoke-free accommodations and free underground parking. Guests can walk to the Old Town, Konigsallee, and Hofgarten in about 30 minutes, or get there in 10 minutes by car or u-Bahn. Though the room was quite small, the bedding was very cosy. A traditional continental breakfast buffet is served daily, and the hotel bar is open around the clock. An amazing value for money hotel in a central although uninspiring location. The air-conditioned guest rooms feature a flat-screen television with Sky channels, free wi-fi, and a functional work space. We stayed one night because we had to catch an early flight the next day. Good hotel for business - Trade Fair in Dusseldorf's Messe Arena The ibis Duesseldorf City welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk and an inviting lobby with cheerful, modern decor. The room and the washroom were very clean and well-maintained. Room is so tiny especially bath room is terribly small. She even offered to assist me to complete my flight's online check-in. The hotel is only 5 minutes' walk from Dusseldorf Central Train Station and is just perfect for people travelling by trains. I travelled from the airport and it was very easy arriving less than an hour after plane landed. Booked for Christmas Markets at Koln and Dusseldorf good location and near train station. Many of the city's most popular restaurants, including Schweine Janes and Zum Uerige, are just a few minutes away on the U-Bahn.
The surrounding Camden streets include numerous restaurants and pubs, as well as a range of retail locations to buy ingredients and prepare meals within the apartments. Doughty Street is a modern and comprehensive apartment complex located in Camden, London. The apartment complex features free Wi-Fi throughout, as well as a detailed security system to prevent unauthorised access to the apartments. That being said, the apartment was clean and spacious, I was impressed with the breakfast options left and I have booked to return as I am currently working very close by. The only downside is that our room was smaller than it looked online and situated at the top floor of a building with no lift. It includes full kitchen, showering, and dining areas, and provides its guests with a self-sufficient living experience. Only stayed for 1 evening but perfectly comfortable and close to a number of good restaurants & bars. As per the other reviewers, check in was a little unusual as there is no manned reception. We were also offered a good breakfast with good quality products. Doughty Street include televisions, iPod docks, fully-furnished kitchens with ovens and seating arrangements, and designer bathrooms with contemporary aesthetics. Bed very comfy too and kitchen accessorised with cutlery and everything else in almost new conditions. I had pre-arranged to meet which does mean unless you are both on-time there is going to be a little handing around. Quiet and convenient location, close to the train station too. We spent two nights at the Blueprint and we were pleased with the overall experience. Extremely clean room and bathroom, tidy and with all you need for a short stay. Doughty Street's location in Camden, a number of renowned sites - including Russell Square, Kings Cross Train Station, and the Charles Dickens Museum, among others - are all within walking distance.
the room window was right in front of the sidwalk. We attempted to explain that they were not staying for the night only preparing themselves, but she was still adamant about it only being 6 maximum in the room. Then upon checkout I was charged a $20 fee that I never got a straight explaination what it was for. My stay at the Marriott was awesome the cleanliness the rooms the area the atmosphere was amazing the food was good too Overall a nice hotel with a couple of bumps that should be corrected . I'm a southerner and love a ceiling fan year round. Overall the stay was comfortable and staff was very friendly and helpful. We were bumped from our original reservation, but were happy with our stay here. Parking, if still available, is very convenient in a surface lot right outside the door. My room was very nice except that the air conditioning system was super loud . We were hundreds of miles away from home and needed a pet friendly hotel. The one good thing is they allowed a late check out so we could go have breakfast outside and come back to check out . A fitness center, laundry facilities, and dry cleaning services are also available on site. The hotel staff was friendly and the room was great. I picked this hotel because I have a service animal and it is pet friendly . First of all the place was nice and convinient however what they don't tell you on Travelocity's site is the hotel charges you 25.00 a day to park. A modern, pet friendly hotel with free Wi-Fi, the Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown/Georgia Tech is conveniently located within minutes of the High Museum of Art, Fox Theatre, and the Atlanta Botanical Garden. The hotel is walking distance to Piedmont Park, many restaurants, and GaTech's campus. We were staying at this hotel and a friend of ours was passing through. Walking distance from everything: grocery store, liquor store, bars, restaurants, and the park. Went to concert that night, came back into hotel exhausted ready for bed and when I pulled covers back I notice there was a moving bug, I freaked out completely, called downstairs to front desk, they apologized and offered me another room, I was skeptical at first because I'm thinking maybe the entire hotel is filled with bedbugs, but after hesitation, my husband and I agreed to accept the room because it was already too late and we traveled 6 hrs to get there. I would recommend the hotel but just be warned you will have to pay more than what you thought. And when asked to show us any policy at all that shows this she skirted around the question and never answered us. We thought it would be fine for them all to use the room. Hotel is in a good location in midtown right next to a Marta Station. The staff is amazing, the suite felt very homey and the bed and pillows were just perfect. I loved the room and the overall size and comfort of the room but I did not enjoy parking across the street because the parking lot was full when I clearly saw open spots. So it was my girlfriends birthday weekend and she of course wanted to go out. We were very comfortable in the hotel, enjoyed the friendliness of the staff, the breakfast was good and the area was nice. I didn't feel comfortable parking across the street and on top of that had to pay for overnight parking. Clean well located hotel useful for short or longer stays. Hotel staff was nice and hotel was clean was a good area near lots of restaurants The only other issue was we had 2 minutes of hot water. The World of Coca Cola, Piedmont Park, and the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site are also within easy reach. The Georgia Aquarium is ten minutes away via the nearby Marta station. Turns out the desk clerk decides to say they can’t have that many people in a room at once it’s a fire hazard. We reserved a room at the Red Roof close by, but immediately had to look for another room once we got there. Everything about this hotel eclipsed by the fact that 2 out of 4 nights there was no hot water in the shower. Later I found out by another clerk that I should not have been charged and issued the credit , he was very nice and accommodating . Other than that - but it is a big thing for me - this place is fine. First time this happened, a 20 minute wait resulted in enough heat to actually manage a shower. But she had a group of girls who all needed to get ready, like 8-10. There is a bar next door and we were there on a Friday night so of course there were a lot of drunk people outside until about 5 a.m. and you could hear everything which meant no sleep for us. The room was nice, but the TV in the bedroom didn't work. The location of the hotel is central but very noisy until way past midnight on the street(not the hotel’s fault). Good parking facility not costing an arm or a leg. We were there for a volleyball tournament and only stayed one night and moved over to 12 Centennial Hotel . We were also allowed to check out at noon instead of 11am, which was nice. 2nd time, waited over an hour with no result and ended up 'washing up' only in cold - which I absolutely detest. When I went downstairs with my kids at 9:40 everything was gone and cleaned up . The ac is a little loud and the room could Have used a ceiling fan to help circulate the Air. The only downside was that our keys were deactivated prior to us checking out, which caused some confusion and extra work to get back into our room. Guests enjoy a daily hot breakfast buffet on the house, and some of the city's most popular restaurants, including the South City Kitchen Midtown and The Vortex, are within a short walk. He advised that I needed to pay $100 deposit for my pet and I advised it was a service animal and I should not be charged additionally . Overall, very pleased with both the value and the experience of this hotel, and would stay again. The hotel is a nice location for visiting Georgia tech. Additional cheaper parking directly across the street from the hotel. I arrived and was greeted by a very obnoxious clerk that was not very accommodating . The Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown/Georgia Tech welcomes guests with a 24-hour front desk and complimentary coffee in the lobby. Hotel was a bit confusing to find the entrance (gps sent us to the back door). Checked in on 08/04/2017, the room appeared to be nice and clean, but I didn't have time to check everything because I was busy getting prepared for a concert. The $100 over 7 days came out to about the same as other pet friendly hotels in the area. Check-in was easy and the rooms for 6 exceeded expectations. The spacious, smoke-free suites offer flat-screen televisions with premium cable, comfortable sitting areas, and full kitchens. I went to Atlanta to have surgery and the location and accommodation was perfect. Afternoon/evening desk attendant was fantastic: Always greeted with a smile, quick to answer questions, and proactive. They were able to accommodate him at our rate without a hitch. The only reason I am not giving it five stars is because of the outside noise. The room was very nice, parking was easy but somewhat pricey. I strongly suggest housekeeping to throughly check for bedbugs, under the bedskirt and mattress because I have worked in housekeeping for 5 years and if checked properly, you can detect bedbugs. This place has way more amenities than any of the others and with little to no charge. The closet had very little clearance between the clothes rod and the wall mounted safe underneath it so not very useful for hanging anything. Seriously fine - I would have given it at least 3 and probably 4 stars. Just a heads up for future reference because the next guest will not be so understanding. The pet fee is pretty steep, but it's a one time fee. On-site parking is $25/day (based on the number of nights of your stay), so budget for that if you need it. This, on a day where I was going to go sightseeing and then fly out 12 hours later. I was disappointed that the free breakfast was over by 9:30am. A hotel should be able to manage its hot water supply, and if it cannot, the nice gesture would have been some sort of token compensation. Not the way I want to go out into the world. The hotel was nice but the heater was loud and once the room heated up it would get cold rather quick which caused the loud heater to come back on.
Needless to say my husband and I enjoyed our time and the hotel exceeded expectations. The room was comfortable but no desk and we did have some work to do. it looks like they tried to make updates and changes but it wasn't done very well, visually the hotel had defects. This could not have been a better location - just a block from the beach, north of the crazy and noisy portion of Mission Blvd and walking distance to food, surf, boating and more. Location was great, room was small, light and blowdryer didn't work, staff was okay. It's about a 2 minute walk to the top of the bluff and another 2 minutes to get to the sand, amazingly close to the ocean! It was great other than they double charged us, the refund says it will take 7 to 10 business days Got the crows nest room on top and used the patio frequently! We also did not receive new towels (they took the old ones). Breakfast, need to add fruit, just had danish & muffins. Good choice for those who are always out doing things. The rest of the day was spend out on the beach, walking the boardwalk, eating fish tacos and have a grand time in the ocean. Parking is free but fills up fast then you are forced to park a few blocks away.Wanted to stay longer and we will definatley be back. We went to attend a football Saturday in Pacific Beach. Only negative was the room location...Do Not Accept 108 it is downstairs with windows to the dumpsters, pretty gross. I liked the fact that the room was very spacious and that it had a kitchen with a refrigerator, an stove and a microwave. The hotel needs some work-fix the dry wall & paint (inside the rooms & outside). We get another room and the AC doesn't work, it wasn't fixed until the last day. They call it a hotel, but it is only a poorly managed motel. The shower door did not latch , and the bathroom floor was both slippery and soaked when I was done. Clean quiet room, close to beach and many restaurants and bars. The air conditioner cooled the room to arctic cold or kept it very hot. The laundry and pool are located at the sister property a block away. Lovely staff, clean room, beautiful views of the beach... we definitely will be staying here again and recommend it to family as well. The room was nicer than I thought it would be. Friendly, helpful staff, but the most uncomfortable hotel room I've ever experienced. Guests will also be amazed at the variety of dining options located nearby, including Dirty Birds, a sports bar well known for its wings. I stayed here with a few of my friends during spring break and we were super close to the beach! 2nd time we stayed here, great location, 1 block from the beach, free parking, no resort fee, nice easy check in, really nice clean rooms, we stayed in the single story rooms, 120-124, they are like little cute bungalow style, we will definately stay here again! loved the location , did not love the room setup. Guests looking to cook up a storm on a hot summer day can book one of the onsite BBQ grills. Clean, quiet, reasonably priced and very close to great waterfront walkway. We were steps from Pacific beach in a nice comfortable room (we even had a view of the ocean). It was obvious that our room had been recently remodeled, and it was very nicely appointed except for an uncomfortable couch. Kinda shady at first & was very confused as to why she didn’t inform me she was going to charge my card and what for since I had paid the balance in full online. About a 1 minute walk from the beach and you cant beat that! IF you're able to get guidance from the front desk, they'll tell you to park at a nearby hotel (also owned by this hotel). Very pleased with the location (1 block from the ocean) and the room itself was very nicely updated. The front desk guy was friendly and helpful, especially when it came to parking because it very limited and we had to park on the street. We get to our room and its not ready yet so we say ok no worries and have no problem waiting. It was a strange experience I dont usually complain but this experience was not up to standards. Good overall would stay there again and probably will again in the future God permitting The hotel staff at the front desk were the best this weekend and very helpful. They advertise the place with free WiFi, but we had to pay $ 20 to a third party for 6 days of service. Courtyard door was always open and random people were coming and going. I immediately spas out and turn on the lights, my friends wake up scared wondering whats going on so I tell them. We go to the front and of course complain and were told they were water bugs. Friendly, helpful desk staff on check in and check out. I would recommend this stay and I hope to come back again. Rooms look pretty new and you cant beat the location. My husband and I just got married an hour before checking into our room. 50 steps to the beach, great tacos and best nightlife in pb. The person in the next room kept coughing early in the morning but otherwise no noise.Actually first time the front desk was really friendly and pleasant. The only thing I can say is that uponmy check in to the hotel, the woman at the front desk asked for my credit card and my photo ID to verify and then handed me a room key. There was still sand on the floor and in the shower. it was incredibly loud, i am a heavy sleeper and i was woken up multiple times but guests in their own rooms being loud when it probably wasn't even that loud in their room. Right off the bat when we're checking in the man at the front desk was extremely rude and giving me and my friends attitude. First night, couple in room next door talked in loud tones until after 2am and made sleep impossible. Set in an enviable position just steps from incredible Pacific Beach, PB Surf Beachside Inn is a small property with a casual surfer vibe and decent leisure amenities. Hotel is  walking distance to the beach, restaurants, bars, and a very nice bike path that goes for miles. We could walk to all we needed we didn’t use our car once. The well decorated suites feature large flat-screen TVs, work desks, coffee machines and mini-fridges. Only fault is the hair dryer's on/off switch was broken out and so it was unusable. I would stay here again when we're passing through...just not in that room! I love how this place is just steps away from the beach! Great beach food was just a short jaunt down the street, a grocery and drug store were within a walk, and the beach was just down the street. You can also park at their sister hotel a block north. some days we had no room service and some days we didn't have and hand towels left for us. This hotel has well maintained rooms with quality furniture and sparkling clean bathrooms all within a single block from the shore. Lots of local restaurants and bicycle rental stores within a short walking distance. We had to beg for cleaning, for fresh towels and the room only had one chair. Very close to the beach and great restaurants, beach rental shops, and pharmacy. I found out a day later that my card was charged without my permission and then went and spoke with her and she proceeded to tell me what it was for. Though the hotel is quite small and has abysmal parking (along with no pool, but they do share with a sister property just a block away), the location could not be beat. Room was a bit small but very clean and modern. No views of the ocean, but less than a block to the boardwalk. It was weird that the cable box was just sitting on top of the tv. Staff very courteous and helpful rooms were cleaned daily great beach getaway! This is a no frills, no amenities hotel but with decent prices and a great location. Rates will be high if not planned ahead, but frankly, they were still significantly lower than a beachside location. Staff were friendly and location was close to beach & restaurants. Later that morning we decide to give the room another chance  and when we're getting ready we see another roach in the bathroom. Expected our queen bedroom but after talking to the man at the counter he was nice enough to upgrade us to a jr suite. Also the beach was walking distance as well as restaurant's. The room carpet had stains and burns or sticky marks on it, the couch had worn threads on the fabric, the bathroom sink was loose from its counter top and I called and let the front desk know but nothing was done about it. Tv buzzed LOUD when off, no phone, ironing board or blow dryer. We have stayed here before but never in the little hotel rooms without 2nd story. Get a back room to avoid the Mission Blvd traffic noise. Its 3 am the front desk told us they were completely booked so there were no rooms available. We then get another call from the front desk saying to go over there now in a demanding voice. San Diego Zoo, one of the best in the nation, is 11 miles away. Housekeeping forgot to leave towels the first day but maybe because we checked in early. There is virtually no parking, limited to only a few cars. Not very many parking spots but there is street parking and the use of their sister hotel one block north. When we finally got our room there was a urine stain on the sheet and the room smelled like mold. If you're just looking for a reasonable place to stay, this is it. The housekeeping just left towels on the couch for us. Off street parking was a little tight if you have a large SUV but compact cars fit well. This property was in good shape but it seemed they were still doing some repairs/remodeling. The bed is amazing, could have slept my entire stay it was so soft. The best part of our stay was check in and we ended up checking in at Pacific Shores because it was after 11pm. Try to find a place on the street in a beach town in the summer. We get to the front desk just for the man to ask us to connect another guests phone to the wifi. The shower is large, no fan in the bathroom though just a window that can be opened. Crystal Pier, a popular spot with anglers and sightseers alike, is just seven minutes' walk from PB Surf Beachside Inn. They did not clean the room for two days and even that time only after repeated requests from us. The room was very nice and modern, large bathroom and comfortable bed. Loved that they had the air on for when we got to there that night so it was nice and cool from all the running around getting off our flight late and getting our rental. There are no amenities no pool the front desk refused to make change for us. It was difficult to find street parking even blocks away (this resulted in a parking ticket of $ 52 for us). Convenient to the beach, restaurants, beautiful sunsets and great places to bicycle. But I felt a bit scared because the door room was straight to the street and also because the parking didn’t have space for more than 6 cars. After about 20 min we get in the room and try to relax, later that day we get a call from the front desk asking if we knew how to speak Italian we told him no we spoke Spanish and hung up. Hotel advertised breakfast; rolls, orange juice and coffee; cups, no plates The star amenity has to be the rooftop pool at a nearby sister-property, the best place to chill out after a day on the beach, and maybe even take a refreshing dip. Lots of random noises coming from fridge, air conditioner, etc in the room that was kind of annoying. A simple continental breakfast is available for a fee each morning. Breakfast was minimal so don't count on a major meal here. We only requested maid service one day out of our 3 night stay and our room was not cleaned. The rooms were good, the AC cold, and the space quiet, for the most part. Why pay extra dollars for beach front when you can have high quality at lower cost just on block back. Decided to take my daughters and granddaughter to a quick beach get-away to find some cool breezes, summer surf and relaxing downtime. very comfortable and the service very good  i really enjoy staying here! We have been to this hotel before and it is within walking distance to the beach and downtown. For the price, you cannot beat this locations proximity to the beach and amenities! We booked this hotel last minute and reserved at a discounted rate. At no point during that interaction did she mention that she was going to charge my card for a damage fee that would be refunded on my check out date. Apart from the parking issue and a very, very limited breakfast on site, all my girls were thrilled to be there. the hotel was overall okay, it was nice but definitely needs work. Fast forward to the middle of the night I'm asleep when I start to feel something poking my arm I wake up and its a roach. Easy access parking could be better and occasionally loud people in the Courtyard. Cramped, no chair, and bed was too high to be comfortable sit on.
The hotel is located only 50 m from the beach south of Arena and 300 m from the north beach. The beach was really close by and this was a big plus point. Guests can enjoy a magnificent view of Peñiscola from the panoramic terrace.All the bedrooms have bathroom with shower, TV, cold/hot AC. The establishment, which offers a family atmosphere, is open in summer and is the most active hotel in the area. There are bedrooms with terrace which face the street and some to the patio. The staff were awesome, and treated us really really well! This hotel is in a central location, only a few minutes from the historic centre of Peñiscola. Please note, drinks not included in the full board and half board meal plans.The hotel is located in the urban center of Peñiscola, 100m from the beach and 300m from the northern beach. This small and simple hotel offers attentive service, guaranteeing guests a peaceful and very relaxing stay. It enjoys one of the most beautiful locations in the province of Castellón, which offers a beautiful old centre with cobbled streets, white houses and the Papa Luna Castle. Bedrooms with terrace have an extra cost.Pets are not admitted.
We stayed at the house for 3 nights in September. St. Philip French Quarter  is a family-owned hotel with eclectic apartment-style accommodations, an internal courtyard, and free Wi-Fi. Nice and close to all the action of the French quarter. Beautiful, clean historic house in close walking distance to all the action on bourbon St/ french quarter. Penelope provided great info on trip and reminded us about the Jazz fest across the street at the Louis Armstrong park. Suites at this hotel feature a private bathroom, a kitchen or kitchenette, individual heating/air conditioning, digital cable TV, a coffee maker, and either a balcony overlooking the street or views the courtyard. The apt has charm and history which we really appreciated. The hotel features a Mediterranean design concept and finds its home in an 1839 townhouse. Bourbon street is a quick walk away, and the gas station nearby has very good corn dogs (as far as gas station corn dogs go, anyway). Interior was immaculate and was exactly what I was looking for in a rental. There is a security system which makes you feel safe. We stayed here as a group of guys on a bachelor party that doubled as a pilgrimage to Wrestlemania. This unique hotel is in the heart of the New Orleans’ historic French Quarter. I would definitely recommend this place to a large group. Very happy with the cleanliness of the home and the beautiful decor. Within 20 minutes we could walk to the center of the French Quarter. Guests have access to their own kitchen in their suite, or can dine out at any number of restaurants located in the French Quarter. It's very close to the French Quarter and safe, so we saved some money on cab rides. Beyond that, the second bathroom (though it's only tub, no shower) came in handy as we cycled through the shower and needed access to a toilet/sink. The 5 of us gals enjoyed our stay in this little house. We stayed 2 nights and our room was not serviced. Lady during day..ok. room was clean and beds comfortable..easy access on first floor..but felt like in a room from a voodoo movie or a bordello. We were also able to keep the uber rides to a minimum since the house is two blocks off the french quarter. It has a back bedroom with a queen and twin (with trundle under) in it and the door shuts. Bed was comfy but bathroom left something to be desired. We felt very safe in this neighborhood however we did use Lyft after dark just because it is the smart thing to do around the French Quarter. Everything is close in walking distance but always took an uber back to the house. Had to ask for towels snd soap and a heater since 1 in a bedroom wasn't working. The neighborhood can seem a little sketchy at night, and you can see some of the effects of Katrina, but this house is fully rehabbed. The location is right on the edge of Louis Armstrong Park. Friendly staff, walking distance to all the attractions in the area. Penelope was super quick to respond to all of my questions, too. Comfortably accommodated 6 girls, so It it was vital to have two bathrooms. When looking to rent this home do realize it is a shotgun house which means from the front door you can see out the back door. Funky and colorful like Nola, good location and friendly staff. Our room was clean, comfortable and within walking distance to everything, but still quiet. If privacy is really important to you this might not be the house for you but if everyone is comfortable around each other it is a great place. I stayed in this property for my bachelorette weekend with 8 other girls. Just to left of our door they stacked construction and cleaning equipment and a big dirty trash can..for almost $500 expected a bit more. The hotel is located between Royal and Chartres Streets, with major points of interest such as Bourbon Street, Decatur Street, the Mississippi River, French Market, Jackson Square and St. Louis Cathedral all within the surrounding blocks. The beds were comfortable, everything was clean, and we felt safe. Enjoyed the front porch every morning waiting for the local grocer to deliver our breakfast. The second bedroom also has a twin (with trundle under) and a queen however the room is closed off with a curtain. Needs some proper signage out front as we missed it first time we were looking for it and really needs a proper breakfast provided, not just coffee. We all felt that we had plenty of space and enjoyed all the amenities provided in the rental (especially the A/C!). Beautiful home with a very New Orleans style and feel. We had 5 people stay here but there was room for several more people if needed. Every single one of the staff that we encountered were pleasant, helpful and so welcoming!! It's a great location- not too close to Bourbon st but just a couple blocks away. We had a group of 9 staying in this property and it was the perfect size.
Then we noticed our room had only two bath towels. Hotel did have a great driver that was extremely professional delivering and picking us up from dinner. Our group was not placed on the same floor even though we were checking in together as a group. Pellows dirty and didnt have any one from the hotel to call me to clearify the reson and sheets too Very nice since there are lots of places to shop and eat within that distance. Lunch at Souper Jenny's, shopping at Lenox Square, Bennie's shoe store, dinner at Chin Chin restaurant, cocktails at Inter-Continental bar,  jazz night at Churchill Grounds and listening to jazz group in lobby of InterContinental Hotel;  breakfast at Goldberg's and back to Roswell, Ga for home-bound activities. Loved that this hotel had a car service that would take you anywhere within 2 miles of the hotel. Great hotel in the heart of the Atlanta Buckhead section. Elevators did not work and I had to take the stairs to my room... The front desk and employee noticed and he went far and beyond to assist. The rest of the hotel was a bit less than classy though and understaffed, long lines again at check out. The whole experience was awesome and his service was impeccable. Swiftly, he mentions if we would mind eating on the outside terrace. Before we left to go to town, I called and asked for some more and when we returned three hours later, we still did NOT have them. After a 7 day work week at roadside business hotels i decided to treat myself to a better hotel for one night. Our bath tub wouldn't empty and there were issues with not being able to open and close drain effectively. Then wanting to go out and begin our vacation, we found yet another delay at valet because the person that parked our car said a picture on my phone of his part of my ticket was good enough to retrieve my car but the person in charge of valet said ABSOLUTELY NOT! The bathroom has a big tub and separate shower which was really nice!. They reply nothing available until dinner - in an irritated manner. Birthday gift for my husband---day and night out in Buckhead and hotel accommodations. The amenities that came with the room complimented the excuse. Located in Buckhead, one of the most prestigious neighborhoods in Atlanta, InterContinental Hotel Buckhead Atlanta Hotel features a heated saltwater outdoor pool and a fully service spa. Room was clean and comfortable  I will stay here again Business trip front desk check in was very welcoming and warm as I arrived late.. When we mentioned it to the front desk they were ambivalent. didn't work and we had to have maintenance come repair. He comes back within minutes with our awesome drinks (yes, Bourbon bar serves exquisite concoctions). I wish that we had known that when we were considering booking this hotel. Had a nice time clean and comfortable room  Staff was very nice and helpful Great hotel and great experience so far but extremely disappointed that it was advertised as a king “premier” room with a view and none of the king rooms face the city skyline. If it wasn’t for the great direction Candice gave while booking the room I would’ve chose something different. Overall the facilities were okay and the personnel friendly, they just let you get lost in the crowd versus really treating you like a guest... My room with an amazing Buckhead view is a perfect start to my Christmas 2017. The hotel is terribly understaffed as you have to wait for everything and anything. Your beautiful lobby, friendly check in, luxury type room that had a beautiful view was just what I was looking for. When i called the hotel to speak to someone about these things I was told they were really busy. The only surprise was the $24 a day self-parking fee (valet more). We specifically asked for turn-down service and arrived back at our late in the evening to find that it had not been done. The rooms were nice and clean, not huge but functional. The front desk staff and concierge team was top notch. i sated in the hotel for one night as i was going back to NYC next day as i checked in the hotel looked very classy and a big lobby but as i entered the room my bed sheet was dirty and my two pillows where not clean when i called it to the reception they only send a replacement pillows to my room without we are sorry nor do you want to change the room ,, very disapoented hotel i will not recommend it nor check in it again , i needed to know is my room clean ? Normal check is at 4PM, I called the day before for an early check in and was told they would note it and to call the morning of, which I did...  yet I still was not able to check in till nearly 6 with no real explanation as to why...  Room Service was much of the same... Only one bar of soap, usually have one for the sink and one for the bath/shower No lotion or disposable laundry bag This was a great experience from booking to checking out. Loved it .Except my wife complained about hair in the shower drain that wasn't  hers . We bump into Kenny again, he comes to our table and we let him know what the issue is and want him to be our server. I suspect most of the hotels around the Perimeter do not have this fee (e.g. It was busy when we checked in but our luggage took almost an hour, three phone calls and a trip down to the lobby, to get our luggage brought to our room. 10 minutes of her searching and she finally locates a room but it's not clean yet. Valet was wonderful with helping me bring my packages up to the room. I have stayed at the Westin at the Perimeter and self-parking is free). Was greeted with a smile and staff was extremely helpful. The bathrooms include a separate shower and soak tub with free toiletries. The hotel itself was nice enough but the overall service was quite lacking for a $300/night price. When someone did acknowledge our issues they gave me a $50 credit and that is not even the point. First time with hotel, very modern, great staff, went out of their way to assist. Left my coat in closet but I guess maid kept it cause security says they can not find it. We tell him that's what we want but couldn't get in. Great location in Buckhead, helpful staff and a fun bar/restaurant downstairs. At night, we come back to the bar with other friends and no one is serving us - apparently they are short-staffed or too busy. Also, front desk not as friendly as I would've expected but overall, beautiful hotel. The 3 staff members standing at the reception area tell us the kitchen is closed and will re-open at 11:30 am for lunch. The line to check in was a little long, so they brought us water. The room keys were not activated properly, prompting me to look for help from housekeeping staff who spoke no English and did not communicate that it was necessary to return to the front desk. A range of tourist attractions such as the CNN Studios, World of Coca-Cola and Philips Arena are located within walking distance from the hotel. I will stay here again when I return to Atlanta. So we waited another 30 minutes to get our car. Overall hotel was nice but I've seen a cleaner room with better functioning amenities. We ask the very professional bar attendant - Kenny- if he has a bar food menu. As usual booking through Hotels.com got me a very ordinary room with terrible layout even though I paid top dollar. We spent several hundreds of dollars and were more than happy to tip Kenny greatly - a man of solutions! We leave for an hour and come back 11:15 am. Nice place, but I should've just stayed where I normally do for half the price. My sister demanded bar vouchers, which she immediately agreed to and we went to the king room to wait on the second room to be cleaned about 30 minutes later. No pool beverage service, dirty room, uncomfortable bed and pillows. Southern Art Restaurant offers an elegant setting for guests to enjoy a traditional Southern cuisine, while Bourbon Bar also located on-site, offers specialty whiskeys and a range of other drinks. Rooms were nice and comfortable and hotel staff were great. For the most part the hotel was nice, they need new towels and to better train the room cleaning staff Good location The second room had club level access (not sure if it came with that or she added that for our inconvenience) which allowed two of us to go to the club lounge on the 21st floor - free unlimited appetizers, drinks, wine, and bar drinks as well as breakfast in the morning. Everything from The Southern Kitchen, The Bourbon Bar,  conciairge, and the front desk staff were marvelous. The food at SA is fantastic, and totally worth stopping in for a meal. The room was nice, clean and comfortable, with the exception or the mandatory slow drain of the bathroom sink. It was my first visit to the hotel and my stay was second to none. I come to Atlanta 3 or 4 times a year and have always stayed somewhere else but this hotel was recommended to me by individuals that USE to stay there a lot. InterContinental Hotel Buckhead Atlanta Hotel features a 24-hour front desk and concierge services, while guests can enjoy the state-of-the-art fitness center and the complimentary shuttle service. Each room features a 42 inch flat screen TV, an in-room safe, mini bar and a work desk. We have a view of Lenox mall.... the room I booked specifically said “room with view” which is false advertisement. It was a small touch that made the wait understandable. The same 3 staff members tell us we cannot get in unless we had a reservation. I am a Platinum Rewards member with IHG and also in the hospitality industry myself so I am very understanding about things but this was one thing after another. Very friendly, attentive and gave suggestions on food and live music. It took about 45 minutes to get a bottle of water and a hot chocolate, then when the door was not answered immediately, they left only to come back 10 minutes later. Besides this glitch - a stint with disappointment that makes the difference between coming back or forgetting that hotel exists - it was widely compensated by Kenny - this dedicated staff member. We reserved a king room and a double and upon arrival, the check in line was clear across the lobby - 20 minutes of waiting for only two staff to check people in, one girl disappears and leaves only one staff member to check in the extremely long line. The concierge desk wasn't to warm gave some information about where to eat however wasn't to willing and able to assist... $28 for self park in a dark garage completely underground. When we finally get to the front, the girl is not able to locate an open double room, despite our reservation. The sheets were wonderful - my husband and I stayed in bed most of the day watching movies given the sheets. And all for several hundred dollars less that several other five star hotels in the area. Nice facility but the service was horrible and we will not stay there again! All the staff were exceptional from valet to desk to wait staff in restaurant. We go back to the bar area and order some drinks from their Bourbon Bar. They let all 6 of us in without extra charge because we told them we had free drink vouchers and the room attendant gave my mom a bottle of champagne when we left because we had told him we were all there to celebrate her birthday. The room was adequate; however, it definitely could use a bit of a refresh. To summarize, we asked Kenny what was his days off (Sundays and Mondays so you know) and told him we will from this point on, only come back to this hotel when he's on duty. Most items were cold, too salty, or had no taste That was the best part of the stay - the lounge was nice, the appetizers good, and the lounge attendants were very nice. Had a hard time getting service at the bar area, I'm assuming it's because I look young, I was skipped over a few times. He walks us to the outside terrace where nobody else was and said he would personally see that he remains our server.
Whatever question or request we had was handled immediately and graciously. I was travelling solo and felt most happy there but two large people might have struggled in my size of room. Easy to walk everywhere with great restaurants all round, very friendly environment. The clean hotel was located in a nice, historic, safe, and popular neighborhood, steps from cafes and shops frequented by locals. One of the best things about this hotel is the location. Very easy to get to all the places we wanted to visit. Some might think rooms are small but when you understand that the hotel building dates from the 1600s,  it fits beautifully with historic Paris. Close to great restaurants, bars, easy walking distance to get around the City, it is located in an area we love. The breakfast is good, with eggs cooked as you like them and plenty of baguette! This is an older hotel with lots of charm, clean with great staff. It is around 15 minutes on foot to the Louvre museum. The soundproofing in the rooms from the traffic was good. There was plenty of hot water though the towels did not need changing every day which I thought wasteful. The Notre Dame view was the delight of my visit. Welcomed warmly by professional Christophe, we enjoyed our stay at l'Hôtel Left Bank Saint Germain. Nice cozy hotel central to a lot of great places in Paris. This is a charming, well run hotel in a great, left bank location   We stayed here many years ago and would certainly return. The hotel is charming, the staff lovely and helpful - we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there! The Hotel Left Bank is an excellent choice for any visitors to Paris. Also, the 5-Euro breakfast might be the best bargain in Paris. Easy walk to Notre Dame,Louvre, resturants at every angle,laundromat six minutes walk. As the name of the hotel might suggest, this hotel is friendly to English speakers. Rooms have amenities such as cable satellite TV, Wi-Fi Internet access, a minibar, a safe, a hairdryer and an en-suite bathroom with either a tub or a shower. My wife and I have stayed there twice and look forward to staying there again on our next visit. I loved the wooden beamed ceiling and huge casement windows facing the street. The nearest metro station is Odeon, and there is parking available nearby. It is a Paris hotel so the rooms are small. The location is awesome for walking Around Paris close to major attractions and the neighborhood has nice shops and restaurants to eat in. In the ballpark, for cost, of other similar modest nice hotels in the area. The hotel is perfectly located for the major attractions in Paris, many are easily reached by walking and if not, the Metro is only around 200m away! Rooms are a bit small but that is easily seen through the posted photos, so you can't really complain about that. There are many art galleries and shops yet the hotel itself is a quiet oasis where you can relax after a busy day or evening. Multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk offer a concierge service to book tickets or restaurant tables and make sightseeing arrangements. If you are looking for a room with lots of space to hang out in, opt for a larger room. The hotel has 31 rooms with a choice of double, twin, triple and quadruple accommodation. You can leave your luggage if your onward journey does not take place till after check out. Excellent housekeeper Wish a smart investor would sink money into this place  Needs to upgrade towels, hairdryer and add magnifying mirrors.what I did not like is the fact that if the front desk calls a taxi for you ...the taxi charges you an additional 7 euro. The staff of the Hotel Left Bank was always there to help us on our vacation in Paris. The hotel has a lounge as well as a courtyard garden. Situated in the Saint Germain des Pres district, the hotel is close to attractions such as Notre Dame Cathedral, Saint Germain Abbey and the Luxembourg Gardens as well as restaurants, cafes and bars. It was a nice hotel very small but in a good area. Located in Latin Quarters near all the bars and restaurants Breakfast at 12E was worth it as you could help yourself to a buffet, but if you just want coffee and a croissant you could have that in one of the many cafes nearby. The rooms were quite small but that isn't unusual in Paris. We would definitely stay again if visiting Paris in the future. The location of the hotel was great with an array of restaurants, bars and bakeries right on our doorstep. Great location with easy access to Metro (Odeon) and to local shopping. We were lucky to stay in room 605 which had a vegetable view of the rooftops of Paris and Notre Dam. A buffet breakfast is served in the breakfast room, and room service is also offered. The Premier Left Bank Saint Germain is a 3-star property on rue de l’Ancienne Comedie in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. It is within walking distance of many of the attractions that draw people to Paris. Breakfast at 12 euros is very reasonable when you compare what you get, and as much as you like, to the bistros located around the hotel. It was very close to all the attractions, close to transportation systems, staff was helpful and they held our luggage after check out so we could kill some time before our train departed The location is close to good restaurants and many nearby places where you can have a drink or a coffee and people watch. Made extremely welcome on arrival and throughout the stay, the staff are all excellent. No charge if you walk  to the corner and flag one down yourself. The hotel had a lift so we didn't have to haul our luggage . Non-smoking rooms are available, and guests can arrange to bring their pets. My experience was positive overall and would 100% consider staying there again. Really comfy bed, good shower and tea and coffee facilities in the room. Staff were friendly and the interiors were a good mix of traditional French and contemporary ( a la Mercure) furnishings. The hotel was  convenient and the rooms and beds very comfortable. Gorgeous character hotel in the centre of Left Bank cafes and shops.
It was very frustrating trying to figure out how to operate the elevator. It also had the convienence of a hotel shuttle to the zoo etc. Close to every thing going on in San Diego bay. The beds and pillows were awesome, especially walking miles every day. and accused of leaving out our do not disturb sign. I was surprised on how convenient the hotel was from the bay attractions, hardly any distance to our dinner cruise boarding. The best feature about this hotel was the view and location. Shuttle bus driver to airport walked right past us as we waited ( for 20 Minutes) with our luggage)and left without asking us if we needed ride to airport. We had been visiting family in California and returning to the East Coast we needed a hotel close by Airport to accommodate our flight schedule. It might not be the most fancy or spacious room you have syayed but the view and location were amazing. The hotel is really big, so I did have to go outside to get to one of the other towers where my room was located. We were not advised even after inquiring that to access lower floors to get ice, the room key had to be used in the elevator. The staff at this bayside wyndham in san diego were more interested in selling time shares than taking pride with customer service and attending to malfunctions in their hotel. Moved around in the room for a while .... no heat kicking on! I was too tired to continue to deal with the problem so bundle up with several layers of clothes an doff to bed! The courtesy shuttles to the airport and local attractiions are great. We went out for the day on the third day around 9 am. Hotel is very handy , easy to get in and out of. Great view, hotel just wasn’t on the same level for the price point, found it very underwhelming and overpriced. Enjoyed the sites SanDeigo has to offer, seen the Zoo and did the hop on hop off bus touring the city. Overall, the staff isn't rude but they are certainly not friendly nor helpful. The hotel itself is dated, they are updating many aspects of the hotel, but is is an older building, not really a deal breaker, but you should know what you are getting. I would stay here again, it is a great hotel & the staff was nice. I was not brief on the parking fees until I checked out, this was frustrating. Several hours later my room was ready ..... in Tower III! I asked if the heat worked now and was assured it did. Called and old them I was going out to eat and could they fix the heat? Expedia should not be supporting a hotel that engages in such business practices, or, at the very least, give prior warning to its customers that this hotel chain engages in such practices. There was no complimentary newspaper brought to the room, and no complimentary coffee in the lobby. then the hotel clerk at another desk said you must go to a time share meeting  to get these free tickets. Rooms at the Wyndham San Diego Bayside include complimentary Wi-Fi access and morning newspaper delivery. You know that simple, clean, multi-purpose hotel of your dreams? I have stayed here many times over the years since it was a Holiday Inn many years ago. Only thing that was disappointing was no fridge or microwave in room. The first thing that was dissapointing is immediately after you check in you are approached and given the hard sell to attend a time-share presentation on Wyndam Resorts. There were only paper cups in the room and bathroom. Walking in I checked in pretty easily but had to wait on bell service (guess their conversation out front was that good). There also was no explanation on how to use the room keys. No microwave, refrigerator in room and ice machine and room coffee pot was broke. I pulled through finally and of the 3 concierge/bell staff standing there talking, not one approached me. It was a bit loud in the early morning when the the building cross the street was being torn down. The staff at the front desk, Jeffrey in particular, was wonderful. Having to park a long walk away on the top floor of the parking garage and walk all the way was not a happy moment in our journey. Not something I was expecting nor did I appreciate the immediate confrontation of turning down an aggressive sales woman who wouldn't take no for an answer. Very easy to walk to major areas of interest including the seaport village, gas lamp area, and little Italy. He said I can't and told us to go ask front desk. Booked with Orbitz, which might explain the room on the second floor overlooking the parking lot. This was my first time ever in California and a Wyndham hotel. Checked n on thursday had to call 2 times on saturday to get room cleaned. Hotel staff seemed not interested in complaints.Hotel updated cable system without notifying guess and system was down for several hours. Good customer service will get repeat visit by guess and referrals. We ordered the beagle and yogurt to our room and not only were we upset about the $22.00 bill but it took OVER 30 minutes to get it brought up! The only complaint I have was that there was no fridge or microwave but other than that everything was perfect. There was a bit of a problem getting checked in (my room hadn't been cleaned after the last guest departed), but the hotel staff were apologetic and immediately switched my room. Frustrated, I pulled forward and parked illegally in a spot just past the lobby. Housekeeping smiled and appeared friendly but that was about it. We were disappointed to be staying at this great hotel and learn that they do not offer a complimentary breakfast or even reasonable prices for breakfast. Although an old hotel, perfect location (by the bayside) and great customer service makes this facility a perfect place to stay. The hotel was very accommodating and I was able to check in early. When we called the front desk we were asked What do you think we can do about it? It was nice to return to a cool, clean hotel room after a long day of running around. Dial up would put the service to shame and it is pretty much useless. He moved us complimentary to a bayfront room, not remodeled, unfortunately, but it was a more pleasing experience. There is also pushy Wyndham people trying to get you to sign up to things there that are very annoying and pushy. Only a six-minute stroll from the Maritime Museum of San Diego, the hotel is only about a mile from Westfield Horton Plaza, a five-story outdoor mall. Parked in the garage to find the elevator not working so had to schlep my bags down the ramp. When we arrived , front desk clerk said ' We have free tickets to san diego zoo for you because you are staying with us. We had a quick stay in San Diego, and this was the perfect accommodation. It seems as if Tower III is a stepchild of sorts. One of the lights above the bathroom vanity was burned out so it was too dark for applying my makeup. We got in our room and stared at our lovely view... of a rooftop complete with extra loud air conditioning units whirling. It's just that you expect more from a Wyndham hotel at those rates. I found it odd that there was not a working bathroom fan in my room. The closet is in the bathroom; this is a little inconvenient. I called back and they said someone would come and fix it. All the rooms (I believe) have small balconies so you can step outside and enjoy the view and San Diego weather. Friendly staff, nice amenities, and within walking distance of many of the downtown and waterfront attractions. Very nice and clean hotel, the staff was very friendly. One thing wrong with otherwise a very good hotel was that the balconies don't have a partition. Guests can dine at the on-site Ruth's Chris Steak House, or try Hazelwood's Bayside Deli, which serves meals and beverages throughout the day. Upon arrival I was early and told I could have a room in Tower III but the heat wasn't working. Our room was very nice and clean but the carpet was worn. I was just a little annoyed with the 30 dollar parking fee It was worn to the extent that there was a nail poking through at the entrance to the bathroom, not something you want if you walk barefoot around your room. We took your resort informational meeting and that was very high pressured!! The hotel was right by the water which was very nice. Bathroom/closet area was extremely tight as was the entry but the room itself was spacious and well designed. There is a Ruth's Chris next door to the hotel that we went to more out of convenience than anything else after a long day of traveling, and sadly, we had to throw the rest of our meal away because there was nowhere to store our leftovers. I would stay here again if I ever return to San Diego. Nice Hotel except for the People smoking in the Balconies and Pushy Wyndham Vacation Rentals. While the hotel is split into multiple buildings, all of the amenities are easily reached as needed. Best view when you get bay side view everything was walking distance I reported it to front desk , they said they knew. Only to find out when we checked in that this particular stroll from the garage cost $29 per night!!! This hotel has great views—one side faces the harbor, the other the city. The hotel sits across the street from the piers for the cruise ships as well as the Maritime Museum and the USS Midway Museum. The staff is very nice and handled any request made of them with ease and capability. The concierge basically tricked us into signing up for a Wyndham properties time share sales pitch the following morning, never mentioning the word time share. We asked valet worker to call shuttle and tell him to please come back . I worked in a field of customer service and this hotel does not know the meaning of it. I had to call and go to front desk several times before they updated my room. The hotel was close to everything and had incredible views. I hate wasting food as it is, especially something as delicious and pricey as Ruth's Chris. Late check in and had to walk to a tower with lots of luggage. Some of the rooms are being remodeled but it is still just a tired looking hotel. Boasting great views of the famous skyline and waterfront, the Wyndham San Diego Bayside is a well-located hotel that gives guests hassle-free access to attractions. My daughter absolutely loved the park on the corner and we had a beautiful view of the bay. When we checked in to the hotel the front desk clerk told us that it would be a few minutes before we were assigned a room, so she encouraged us to go to the concierge to get a welcome packet while she was awaiting the room number assignment. 5min Uber ride to Gaslamp and only 10mins to Historic OldTown San Diego. Tried to call the customer service and gave up after a half hour on hold. With Little Italy closeby and the Seaport villages restaurants and shops. The hotel's front entrance was clogged with cars upon arrival so our check-in was difficult. Neither of the two electrical sockets next to the vanity worked so I had to dry my hair near the bed. Nice facility but if you can try to avoid staying in Tower III as it seems the facility doesn't have as much interest in maintaining this part of the property or caring for the guest they stick there. We will definitely be back to stay at this hotel in 2018. In the last year I have stayed about six times. This was a really nice hotel with huge room and recently refurbished. So you are able to see everyone on the same floor. Hotel uses public parking garage attached to the hotel charging by the day and valet service at a higher rate per day. Are they selling this property and the employees just don't care about the guests.??? Also they can hop over and get to your balcony as well. Also used their shuttle, which all the drivers were good to deal with. The hotel was good but the beds in our room were much smaller then expected best part being centrally located to a lot of great places and Claim Jumper was excellent! The airport shuttle arrives every half hour after 9:00 am, so I had a small wait but it wasn't bad. The hotel was good but the staffs were very rude and appeared incompetent. ask for water view, or you are on a heavily trafficked road The Wyndham San Diego Bayside deliveres classic Wyndham service in a beautiful, clean environment meant to showcase the surroundings. Of course I opted to wait for a room with heat. They offer free shuttle service to and from the airport, San Diego zoo, and other attractions! thermostat malfunctioned blew cold air 58 degrees asked to be repaired then it blew hot air remainder of stay. There are also special shuttles to take guests to certain attractions around the city. So, almost a whole day of our trip to San Diego was wasted enduring an attempted time share scam by Wyndham properties staff. Daily self-parking parking rate is excessive, even for the area. I thought it would be more helpful if the hotel room had a fridge and microwave to help their guest a little bit. It also provides Segway and bicycle rentals, plus a convenience store and gift shop. But, the maintenance staff were kinda rude to be honest.. Room was a bit small and beds were too soft for my liking. A complimentary airport shuttle runs all day to get their guests to and from the airport, which is just minutes away. We returned around 8 pm to find our room had not been cleaned. I’ll rather spend a few more dollars to stay in a newer Hotel As if its not expensive enough to eat out and see the area, I was really upset at having to pay $7.00 for a sausage biscuit and $5.00 for a beagle! A coffee/tea maker, television and hair dryer are some examples of other perks. There are also 3 restaurants located on the premises to provide greater options for the guests. The one thing that we would have liked to have seen was a mini-fridge in the room. It is a bit confusing to navigate the hotel the first time there as there are 3 buildings. I waited for a while to pull into the drive due to valet parking taking a long time. This is a pet-friendly property with a heated outdoor pool and a gym. Yet stated was: No surprises but parking was a surprise @ $29.00 / day for self parking. We had a wonderful time and had a great room. Booked 2 double bed rooms, only received one because another wasn’t available, even though that is what I booked. (We did not, our room simply wasn't cleaned)  Lastly, upon check out, I notified the front desk about the nail poking through the carped, which was responded to with a shoulder shrug and no apology nor any other comment by the clerk. It was a great hotel would stay there again if ever in San Diego There was a plastic disposable razor cover in the shower soap dish so we wondered whether the shower had been cleaned. When we asked for directions or assistance from the staff, they acted like it was a chore to help us. Our room was clean, the staff was friendly, bed was comfortable, and our view was incredible. Must add the last day of our stay there was No hot water to shower in. Mind you, it was evening, I had worked a 12 hour day as a photographer, and we were exhausted.
It's a quick walk to a lot of restaurants and bars. The room was small, but it was clean and quiet. Guests are just minutes from the many shops, restaurants, and cultural landmarks of the German capital. There was no AC but opening the window works just as well. Meals can be taken on the green roof terrace in the summer months. We stayed over Easter and the bunny left some chocolate for the children.....such a great touch. This accommodation is also known as Hotel Friedrichshain Upstalsboom, Hotel Upstalsboom, Hotel Upstalsboom Friedrichshain, and Upstalsboom. Upstalsboom Hotel Friedrichshain is less than one mile of attractions like Simon-Dach-Strasse and East Side Gallery. Volkspark Friedrichshain, Alexa Shopping Center, and Stasi Museum Berlin are all within two miles. The hotel grounds also contain eight convention rooms and an underground parking garage. Restaurant Friesendeel prepares German and international cuisine, and travellers are invited to enjoy a drink in the Comenius Lounge. Spacious rooms feature desks, minibars, sitting areas, and en-suite bathrooms with showers. Hotel a touch dated but value for money outweighs that by a mile. A little out of the centre, but very good transportation in Berlin, more than compensate for this. Upstalsboom Hotel Friedrichshain offers four-star accommodations in the heart of Berlin’s Friedrichshain district. The breakfast was very good and the coffee was nice and freshly brewed. The area is a little hipster for a young family but close to all the transport lines. The hotel was good and had a great location and great service Visitors are welcome to relax on the rooftop terrace overlooking the city or enjoy a workout in the fitness centre featuring a sauna.
The  staff is excellent and the food is exceptional. Very friendly staff.Good parking.Excellent quiet location near to beach and restaurants. A complimentary breakfast is included.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. Complimentary wireless Internet access is available to keep you connected. Private bathrooms with showers feature rainfall showerheads and complimentary toiletries.Amenities Take in the views from a terrace and make use of amenities such as complimentary wireless Internet access and tour/ticket assistance.Dining Enjoy a satisfying meal at a restaurant serving guests of Hotel Sabbia D\'Oro. Property Location This hotel is within close proximity of Tonnara del Secco and Macari Beach. Quench your thirst with your favorite drink at a bar/lounge. When you stay at Hotel Sabbia D\'Oro in San Vito Lo Capo, you\'ll be by the sea and convenient to Mother Church and Chapel of Saint Crescentia.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 14 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and minibars.
The reservation was easy, remote checkin was easy, and getting into the facility was a snap. Steps from Whole Foods, easy walking to great restaurants and the waterfront. It is a much better view than the other side. I did manage to get Barsala to comp this charge, but only after a couple of days of wrangling with Barsala reps. We were supplied with an air mattress and bedding at no extra charge! A few more towels for the stay would have been good. I think this would have been better if my stay was longer, that way cooking my own meals would have made it worth it. The place was very clean and was exactly as described. My husband and I wanted a mini vacation with our one year old. Nordstrom and Columbia Center are also within 10 minutes.\nProperty Features\nA 24-hour fitness center, a bar/lounge, and a business center are available at this condo. Not so nice: no mention of construction of a new building next door; they start work at 6 am. It was pretty late so I appreciate him being so understanding. They send a checkout text and you click two buttons, leave the key on the counter and leave. The building is very secure in a nice/safe area of downtown Seattle. Once in, there was a fob key that allowed easy access all weekend. They texted/called me several other times, so they knew how to contact me. The condo is beautiful and it's located in the heart of Seattle, close to everything, shoppings, malls, capitol hill, grocery stores, nice restaurantes, etc. Across the street from the wholefoods in downtown Seattle and walkable distance to everything we wanted to see. Self check in is super easy and so is self check out. Couldn't figure out how to use the faucet in the bathtub instead of the shower head. I'm sure it was just a glitch, but the code we were given for the entry to the building and access to the elevator didn't work. It was really convenient having a washer and dryer, although they were a bit loud. We arrived very late, but it wasn't an issue whatsoever :) We were checked in on via texts and the staff went over the top to provide a complimentary bottle of wine Well appointed, modern condo close to Lake Union, the Space Needle, shopping and plenty of dining choices or cook up some of your own meals in the fully stocked kitchen! It is a condo being rented as a hotel room. It is not that bad once we know what to expect, like bringing your own stuff including toiletries. The privacy screen was not sufficient which made me feel like I was on full display. The amenities in the building are very useful too, they have a basketball court, treadmill and bike machines, and there are a couple weights as well. This was after I had made the reservation and agreed to the previous charges. I stayed in a comfortable apartment which came with additional supplies like laundry detergent to make it good for a long term stay. I had a friend staying the first night so I opted for it. Once you are inside the building, you just need to press another code in the elevator and oula! Given it is a two bedroom unit, I was shocked when they charged $160 extra for having 4 people in the unit. My husband, toddler son, and I were in Seattle for the first time over Memorial Day weekend visiting my brother. Views from the condo and especially the lobby on the 11th floor are great! I am still trying to dispute the $119 cleaning charge, which did not appear on my Expedia bill but was added into the total without explanation. I presume the company owns or manages condo rentals in multiple buildings, but doesn't run the buildings themselves. Iron and ironing board not so great tho (Table top and cheep iron). Thus for three days we always had to coordinate activities to make sure everyone could get in and out. The convenience of a fully furnished kitchen is a God send with a little one. Other amenities available to guests include living rooms, dining areas, and premium bedding. We also want to point out that if you are staying on the weekend, parking on the street is not free until 8pm Saturday night to 8am Monday morning. I called to report the problem; no one asked for permission to actually fix it; and apparently they weren't going to do it until I called the second time to complain. The rollaway bed/air mattress turned out to be just a cot in the closet. The roof top deck has the most amazing view of the space needle and the city - breathtaking :) Another great thing was that the host sent me an email with a bunch of discount codes to either get grocery, take an uber, grocery delivery, etc. Awesome condo, close to everything in the heart of Seattle. The building is in a great location and the cost of staying here was less than hotels in the area. The finishes in the interiors were very nice with high end appliances, flooring, bathrooms etc. There are also common areas in the building that we did not utilize but looked nice. Minor nits - no early check-in, bathroom light was out. There is no physical contact with hotel staff but that was not a problem. Finally I called the number given for texting and reached someone who was completely unprepared to converse with someone over the phone. Building very modern with central air even in hallways, secure and safe with amazing amenities. Location\nLocated in Seattle Central Business District, this condo is within a 5-minute walk of Town Hall Seattle and Washington State Convention Center. The 'management' with Barsala seemed like a bunch of kids who didn't know how to run a business. They were 'responsive' but didn't actually want to fix anything. No pillows, no sheets, just a cold cot folded up in the closet. I initially was having a hard time finding somewhere I wanted to stay, but this was perfect. Extremely clean and had everything PLUS MORE than we had expected! Could not ask for a better location, accommodations or included amenities. Enjoyed staying here and it would be on the top of my list for a visit to seattle. Parking on the street before that is a 2-hour max, so if you want to go Friday night or early Saturday, you should just pay the $22/day parking under the building. I loved this unit as I felt home in a city that was unknown to me. Not located directly downtown, but it wasn't a bad walk to Pike Place or the Space Needle area. We knew a weekend in a hotel room would drive us nuts and Westlake Downtown Barsala answered our prayers. Having a washer and a dryer on-site was very convenient as well. I think the self check in was much more convenient than hotel check in. The kitchen has everything you need, to cook anything you want. On top of the $30/night charge for an extra guest (there were three of us in a two-person condo), I then found out that I was expected to agree to another $90 charge for a roll-away bed or air mattress. So extremely happy, we will be booking with Barsala in the near future. This may have been Expedia's error, but since I've never had that problem with other Expedia bookings I doubt it. Everything is in easy walking distance and we parked within one block of the building throughout the entire Mother's day weekend. Other amenities include a meeting room, concierge services, and dry cleaning.\nRoom Amenities\nAll 4 condos feature kitchens with refrigerators and microwaves, plus free WiFi and free wired Internet. The instructions were crystal clear and the building was very safe and secure. We had a burned out light in the bathroom; called them; we were asked to text them a picture of the light; next day called when no one had come to fix the light (a bathroom with no light isn't terribly functional); they hadn't come because they didn't have permission to enter the unit. The Barsala staff memeber, Nika would text us to check in and even provided us with a complimentary bottle of wine! Really enjoyed our stay in this spacious Apartment in a great location. Eventually they put us in touch with someone who worked for the building and was able to answer our questions about parking and other matters. There is only one fob (the clicker needed to get in the building and use the elevator). Communication all goes by text and email, and if nobody answers your text or email, there's nothing to do but send another text or email. After I texted the hotel contact, someone came through pretty quickly, he was super helpful and brought bedding and a pillow. I did laundry the night before I left and was super easy to use. Also had a huge patio overlooking the city, mountain range and the space needle. We got in and upstairs with the help of some residents. It is a very functional flat in a great location close to all the downtown attractions. So convenient having a beautiful clean space and fully furnished kitchen! It's not a hotel, more of an Airbnb experience, so keep that in mind. I must say that I felt customer service from Barsala was awful. Gorgeous, small, stuido-style room in the heart of downtown Seattle. We stayed in a studio suite which is big, has a wall dividing the bed from the rest of the suite, has a full kitchen, living area, washer and dryer, and a nice balcony. Great choice for condo with room, w/dryer kitchen and near big hotels ok wash and space needle. By just pressing a code at the entrance you are inside the building in no time. Overall my experience was perfect, I would definitely recommend my friends and family to stay at this condo. There's also keypads you can use but the code that Barsala gave us did not work (tried it in all three elevators); contacted them several times to no avail. The only oddity was the rollaway bed/air mattress option that you can choose to add to the room (not cheap) if you have extra travelers. There were many small problems, and communicating with staff at Barsala was torturous. Our only wish would be to have more stuff (tables, chairs, grill) out on the patio. It is not a traditional hotel, but don't let that discourage you. If you need to park a car (most likely don't if hanging around the city) there is reasonably priced parking attached to the facilities. First of all the check-in process was easy, fast and very convenient. The kitchen was nice and stocked with everything we needed. Only downside is there is no passenger drop off stop sign by the main entrance of the building. There is the option of adding cleaning as an extra during booking, but we were only there for three days so we elected not to have the place cleaned. I'm not sure if that's how it is supposed to be or if my set up was an abnormality. If you want to face the Space Needle you should request it. Only constructive feedback is that it would have been nice to check-in a bit earlier The unit was clean with everything you need that makes feel home. The management company is responsive but couldn't help the situation.
This hotel was clean and next door to the outlet mall very close to CCU, plenty of parking and offered breakfast. The only problems were the smell of the room and how thin the walls were. The only advice to the management would be to return the pancake maker - the waffle maker takes too long which makes a line. The only thing I would work on is the mini-frig in the room. A complimentary continental breakfast is served to guests each morning. The women at the front desk stole the bag and took it home. I guess it just left a horrible taste in our mouths and we WONT be staying there ever again unfortunately. It was close to the college and stores and also Ripken. We got the bag back which was a blessing but the hotel offered no incentives, no discount, nothing for our troubles. The hotel over all is okay, and the owners was very vigilant in retrieving our things. Room was not cleaned two out of the five days we stayed there. Sleep Inn & Suites near Outlets, located a 15-minute walk from Myrtle Beach Speedway, features a seasonal outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. But to customers, if a guest's only complaint is about the pancake maker, go stay there. Man O’ War Golf Club is only a 5-minute drive away, and Coastal Carolina University is a little over  five miles away. My fiancé placed his bag on the table in the lobby. My  stay was magnificent  friendly staff clean room And rude when at 2am when finally asked nicely to be a little quieter. It is what it is and they can come to their own conclusions. the only problem was the guests in our neighboring rooms and across the hall were very inconsiderate and loud. She upgraded our bed size and generally made our stay pleasant. It all started with the warm greeting at the front desk and just continued with a comfortable and pleasant stay Clean, friendly, comfortable, convenient, exactly what I needed. Definitely will be staying here every time I come to visit my child at CCU Classy linens, granite countertops in the bathroom, comfy Kings size bed with perfect mattress ...delicious breakfast! This is the second time we've stayed there and have been very happy both times. The walls were so thin we could hear everything the people next to us were saying. Check-in was quick and the staff very helpful and friendly. Very nice and clean ......great room service we would definitely return I did have the sound of a dripping faucet thru the night. I've stayed here a few times while dropping off or picking up my child at Coastal Carolina University and each time I've been very happy I did. I expected the room to be bigger but was disappointed. The room was exceptional for the price; comfortable bed, fridge, microwave. We found out from the security footage when we was looking for the bag. If we were supposed to turn it on then there should have been a note or instructions. Everything was pretty good, just needed maintenance in the bathroom but other than that wonderful Ok, look..... we should have never left the bag unattended, but NEVER would you think the employee will steal your personal items at the hotel your staying in. Seanette at desk checked us in early and was so pleasant. young lady that checked us in, very welcoming and helpful! Room was ready, so they allowed early check-in, clean, good location. Later she arranged a late checkout so we could coordinate with our granddaughter's work schedule at the Tanger Outlets right next door. Sleep Inn & Suites near Outlets features a complimentary business center, meeting room, and a coin operated laundry facility. We only put a soda in there but it did not seem to be on - did we have to turn it on? I immediately called the motel and they were extremely pleasant and understanding. PLEASE DOUBLE CHECK your items and be very safe while traveling. For other meal options, a selection of restaurants are nearby. Everything was really great with the hotel—condition, checkin, breakfast etc. Heard entire romantic session of neighbors, thankfully they stayed only one night. Staff knocking on our door when we had the do not disturb sign out. The housekeeper apparently smoked the entire time they cleaned our room. I mistakenly put the wrong dates in my app so I got a how was your check in message a day before I arrived. I was very frustrated to have to pack up and move to another room. I would stay here again but beds were a little lumpy. I spent two nights on a business trip, I picked it mostly for location. Management desks they would fix before the next guest stayed there. arrived after 8pm and had lots of baggage to unload was supplied with a cart to move into our room. Wasn’t town for business was glad to know it was centrally located near restaurants and shops Close enough to the ocean but far away from ocean traffic. The hotel is completely non-smoking, and offers a late-check-out option. The rooms are clean and comfortable - and the free breakfast is a good treat. They were renovating at the time but didn't notice anything. The smell of the room was terrible it smelled like an old banana. There was no staff in the breakfast area, the fruit was over ripe each day I was there. Just a hand shake and a “ have a safe trip home”. All rooms, decorated in olive greens and dark browns, feature flat-screen TVs, a mini-fridge, a microwave, a work desk with an ergonomic chair, and private bathrooms with walk-in glass showers.
The place has not had a $ spent on it since opening many years ago. Apartments are tired and the whole place could do with a makeover. Apartamentos Luxmar Aparments is an aparthotel near the centre of Benidorm on the Costa Blanca. Take it off Hotels.com booking site - no one should pay or redeem to stay here Has a kitchen, living room which is better than a hotel room. However the 2 sofa beds were filthy, we would not sit on them . The many bars and restaurants of Benidorm are a short walk away. don't large groups who can't get in anywhere else but here are the negatives, upon arrival was told I hadn't paid for the hotel which I had. You have to use the ones in reception by the bar. room was absolutely stinking of tobacco staff were not friendly shower was terrible and bath was manky , asked reception for fresh towels as they were soaking and was told that on a 3 day stay fresh towels and room service was not allowed I obviously took photos and went immediately back to reception. Clean, bags of room, friendly staff and free parking at door. It was nice but only stayed 1 out of the 2 night's couldn't sleep too noisey for children full of hen and stag dos It is located only 10-minutes on foot from the famous Levante beach, but it also has its own outdoor pool. When I walked in the toilet door had been kicked in to the point the door was all broke away. Apartamentos Luxmar Apartments has its own bar area which provides snacks. Rooms are quite outdated, walls need painting, taps/heaters rusty and staff friendly on a very basic level. With 3 balconies offering breathtaking views of Benidorm and the bay. good base to get around hotel needs update doors not very secure veranda doors would not lock didn't have a change of towels the whole stay staff very friendly and helpful bar area reasonable price it may sound like a moan but we did enjoy our stay can't fault staff We were out a lot of the time bt I am soooooo glad that I only had to sleep here - couldn't wait to leave. Besides its long sandy beaches, visitors can visit the Terra Mitica theme park before enjoying an evening’s entertainment at the famous Benidorm Palace. Basic hotel, clean and with great views of the city. No kettle in kitchen and hob plates corroded so wouldn't want to use. Place could do with an upgrade but lots of big parties so prob why they don't group of welsh guys throwing chairs from balconies so that doesn't help No glass in the door, front door very temperamentally has been kicked in a few times, beds glued together, nice bathroom and balcony. The staff were great - Also blessing that there was no stag and hen parties there. You cannot use the safe in the room I was told. The living room has an LED TV which shows satellite channels, while there is also a terrace, and a kitchenette which has a mini oven, refrigerator, toaster and basic kitchen utensils. Non smoking room smells like people have been smoking for years and so do the pillows, sheets and everything else. It is a cheap self catering accommodation for stags and hens 4.00am seems to be the alarm call if you stay here... Great pool, really polite & helpful staff, room was abit dated but still clean & ideal for a few days in the sun I stayed for 4 nights and didnt spend any real quality time here' because hotel is in need of a real revamp, counted about 10 sun loungers around the pool area, stayed on 8th floor an never seen a cleaner once, thete was a chip container box on staircase for 3days! I had to get my banking app out to prove it. I had even printed proof of payment in Spanish so it could be understood. Had a lovely experience at the hotel but some work was being done and Didn't get sleep for 3 night from.the noise and description For $100 more for 8 days we moved to a 2bd/2bth 19th floor apt. but when I got there it was worse than I expected. Iron/ironing board - No Sleep well - Turndown service - Ha Ha Ha Sofa bed - wouldn't let a dog sleep on it Egyptian-cotton sheets - Hankerchief more like...... Very dated property, but considering the cost of the room be cautious. Cheap n cheerful not the best but clean enough and the staff were great gave us a fan for our room booked our transfers as ryanair had taken our money but not booked us on. Reception is staffed 24-hours a day and provides a currency exchange service. Only real problem was when it rained heavily and hail stoned  it came into our apartment we had to put towels down the window in the living room in room 1005 is loose and there is a gap letting wind and rain in it made the apartment very cold and noisy as the wind whistled through The rooms main  door had been kicked in numerous times . Apartments are a little worse for wear but for the price were good value for money. In need of total maintenance, thorough cleaning and furniture, appliances (or what there is) need replacing. Based on all the above I knew I was not leaving any valuables and had to take them out every day. Basic but good for what I paid, staff very friendly location good, 10 minute walk to the beach. It was a cold week and you had no control over the central heating. The whole place looks grubby and staff that are, seemingly, without a care in the world. Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas, while paid Wi-Fi is available in rooms. I was then asked for a £40 deposit  for a 4 night stay given 2 keys and that was it. The place smelt, very dirty and in extremely poor condition. Towels never changed and beds contained bugs i removed a handful just on mine alone anyhow its cheap and in a decent location just make sure u shake all your belongings wen your packing to leave: Overall very happy with what we got for what we paid. It was somewhere to sleep when we got back from the pubs One long hair wash and all the others in the room shower with cold water  Furniture shows significant wear and tear. room was quite cold and only old heaters and not much hot running water Expect some noise, this is an apartment block used by stag and hen parties but then I think most are. very easy booking in, 20 euros deposit on arrival  , paid back on departure no issue ...the rooms were clean basic budget value  , could get a little loud when people come back , but we are talking Benidorm here , I knew when I paid not to expect 5 star due to the price - but I did expect clean towels and crockery, a bath that I could use and somewhere I would not electrocute myself. It was quite obvious it was old damage also and they had not made any attempt to rectify it. Our main concern was the balcony  locks were broken & the apartment was insecure despite this we had to pay for a safe deposit box, I think this should have been free because of the insecurities. The sofa beds were in such bad condition that they had just wedged cheap hardwood underneath. I knew by the reviews it was a very low budget hotel and needed a refurb. The microwave was all dented and the overall condition of the room was dirty.
Downtown Madrid, along with its iconic and historic attractions, is about 20 minutes away by means of public transport. The top-rated Restaurante Jiménez, which serves Spanish gourmet meals in a cosy setting, is only a five-minute walk away. There are also vending machines for cold beverages and snacks. Made-to-order breakfast meals with freshly brewed coffee can be enjoyed every morning. All rooms come with free Wi-Fi, central heating, plasma televisions, and private bathrooms with hairdryers and hydromassage showers. Located in a tree-lined residential neighbourhood, on the northwestern outskirts of Madrid, Aravaca Garden is under two kilometres from Majadahonda train station. Corte Inglés shopping mall is just over three kilometres from the guesthouse. Aravaca Garden features a communal terrace with seating areas,the perfect spot to enjoy the fresh air.. Services such as luggage storage and travel assistance are also offered.
Ilford Station is a ten-minute walk and central London about 20 minutes by tube. Stayed out back in little annex cracking little rooms also breakfast great Only complaint is left 100 pound security deposit for breakages 18 days later still waiting for this to be reimbursed called hotel I now have to ring bank as they said they have paid it!! Britannia Inn, located in the eastern suburb of Ilford, is a short walk from the town centre. Excel Exhibition centre and O2 Arena are a ten-minute drive, and the tube will get you into London for the day in no time. Rooms offer free Wi-Fi, flat-screen Plasma TVs, coffee/tea makers and power showers. you have so much choice, hot buffet like eggs, bacon, beans, sausage and pancakes and they give you a cold choice too, yoghurt, cereal, toast, lots of tea and coffee and juice too! Ideal little hotel for a weekend stay not spectacular but comfy and clean and a lovely choice of breakfast. I first asked staff got an extension of stay they said £30 the next when I went to pay they said £45 which was ridiculous Shower room water drainage was defective (probably needed cleaning of the drain site). We felt blessed ,  best value for the money! I booked this hotel expecting it to be close to London. Not happy but was gone after left fan on and room service had been. Unfortunately, the hotel is 35 minutes from anywhere I'd consider London. Head around the corner to Ilford’s main street and dine at the selection of restaurants and pubs. Just realize if you're coming to London for sightseeing, the travel time and bills will pile up since it is quite far from civilization. Hotel is very near to shops and restaurants   The staff was very polite  and professional in there work we put it down to the room might not have been used for a while and could do with a extra cleaning as spider and cob webs where on the ceiling. Experience was ok except for no electricity in room for a few hours and another night where the fire alarm went off at 2 am walking distance of town centre and underground - very good to travel into London Good transport link to central london and all the sights Wake up to the free daily breakfast or order in room service. Take a stroll from the Britannia Inn to Ilford town centre and the Exchange shopping plaza. Conveniently, London City Airport is a ten-minute drive and London Stansted Airport 20 minutes. Second time we have stayed in this hotel, each time greeted at reception by a lovely smiley lady who couldn't have been more helpful and welcoming! Only downfall is on the Sunday we woke up for breakfast, went to the breakfast room to realise the man who was ment to be serve us was asleep on reception, he was the only downfall of our stay other than that we couldn't ask for anything more! For the price it was excellent, breakfast could not be faulted, only minus was needing to get bus to underground, just added time and cost to getting to central London. I would still stay there again, it is obviously in a good area of ilford. Great customer service, due to lack of parking space we had an upgrade in the sister hotel. For our early start we had a breakfast take away. The city of ilford is quaint and friendly, but I spent so much money on cabs to locations that I would not recommend his hotel, solely because of the location. Breakfast fantastic - would not change this even my son 4 loved it. The hotel is only 2 minutes walking distance from public bus stop. Staff very helpful and friendly  rooms are ok, could do with updating. Ok hotel, shower was terrible and couldn’t tell where the breakfast room was The hotel itself is a clean, quiet hotel room with a private bed as well as a bathroom. The hotel has 24-hour reception with lounge, express check-out and free self parking (based on availability). Venture out to Valentines Park or Ilford Golf club, also just a short walk. It's really nice like private apartments I was so comfortable to stay their definately will use again and highly recommended . The room and bath room were super small and the bed completely sucked, it was like sleeping on rocks
It's a bit noisy in the courtyard area during nighttime depending on when you visit NOLA, we went during NYE celebrations. We stayed at this hotel during the first weekend of Mardi Gras and it was an incredible experience. It’s a close walk to the Quarter, price was reasonable, hotel was clean, and the staff was user helpful and accommodating. Coming out of elevator someone was drilling on the ceiling and i got ceiling dust all in my head. Guests can go for a workout at the onsite facility which has cardiovascular equipment and treadmills. We could tell it was newly renovated and we enjoyed the features. Apparently if you book through a third party, you’re the first to get bumped. The room was huge and I loved that there was NO carpet. Location was great just wish the parking wasn't so expensive. One block from Bourbon St.  walking distance to the Riverfront! The website is not at all clear when booking a room, so if you want one with a window, make sure it says so! My only pet peeve- no coffee pot in the room. Had 3 family members valet, and they left an empty water bottle in my sisters very clean Mercedes and an empty gatorade  bottle in Mothers brand new Acura suv...no trash in mine however the souvenir bags placed in my cargo area look slung around from the drive to the garage which is 3 blocks away. The hotel is near the city centre and close to the Louisiana Super dome. But they didn't prepare for our special requests even tho we made them during booking. Only complaint is there was maintenance being done to the bistro, I paid for breakfast for 2 for the duration of our stay. The entire staff were so polite and helpful in every way. Was so grateful they kept our luggage so we could stroll around the French Quarter. The hotel staff were noisy and often stood outside of our room and on Saturday night you could hear a lot of noise. Hotel provides free water and other small toiletries at the front desk. The Cable car  travels right in front of this Hotel., but it didn’t bother me one bit because after a full day of being outdoors you just want to Slerp. Shower drain was also installed higher than the rest of the shower floor so the old water would stay and you have to kick it toward the drain if you don't want to step into dirty cold water on your next shower. We ended up sharing the big bed between three people and none of us slept much. It is located close to french quarter so we decided to stay. There is also a coffee house which serves Starbucks coffee. Bathroom looked recently renovated but the way it was done, the door slams into the shower door when you come in, to close it you have to go beside the toilet to then be able to close door and have access to toilet or shower. We had to sit sideways to sit on toilet cause the door touches the toilet seat. My room was small, which is a fine trade-off for the location and price. The hotel staff are lovely, and the location was superb. Hotel staff is nice and friendly on the other hand. The Fat Tuesday parade was right in front of the hotel and and everything else was convenient around it. when arrived to check in they said my room was overbooked so instead of getting a double queen as reserved ii had to get a king. I would only stay there again if I could choose an exterior-facing room. It was horrible, as soon as you walk in there is noise, ladders, dust everywhere. However, I did not realize I was getting an interior room with the only window out onto the hallway, and no natural light. Our room had no windows and the lobby was under construction. Felt like living in a closet, not a hotel room. The TV system kept cutting off, lagging and would often give black screens on all channels. Great location right outside of the French Quarter close enough to walk to but far away enough to get away from the noise. That staff give me a lot of information so we could move around ... the tour guide on this trip they are helpful, I would definitely go back again, enough places to eat from. There is daily housekeeping service, onsite laundry and valet dry cleaning. This hotel is in a wonderful location (just across Canal Street from the French Quarter) and is nicely decorated, well staffed, etc. The hotel has one meeting room with a maximum capacity of 60 people. Amazing desk staff and great room Easy access to bourbon street French quarter local hot spots and transportation Only complaint would be that the bathroom was a little small due to the room layout. A LOT of the rooms have only internal window, into what amounts to an open hallway. Probably never use orbitz to get a hotel room again . The Courtyard New Orleans Downtown Near the French Quarter is a three star hotel in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. Came right from the cruise ship (early) and the hotel let me store my luggage until our room was ready (A little after 1:00). There is a cafe on the ground floor, but no included breakfast. We would have to leave hotel just to get some peace and quietness. Our rooms window faced inside the building and the drapes kept the light out during the morning, which we were surprised about yet grateful! We enjoyed the updated bathroom and the bed was comfy. Guests can go for breakfast and dinner at the Bistro onsite. The location was perfect being right on the parade route. But the bistro was closed, and nothing was said about that while making the reservation. I paid waaay too much for a small inside room with no window. I had to book another room for myself, because the description says there is a sofa couch in the room, whereas there is NOT. smh cant believe my first time in new orleans ii experienced this! There's also no window to the outside world so no fresh air or natural sunlight. or wait 55 mins for them to clean the room they did have available. We didn't get a room away from the courtyard and the roller bed was not ready the first night, so my friend had a frightful night of trying to sleep. The TV is obnoxiously large and bright for how close it is to the bed. There are guest rooms available with hairdryer, iron, ironing board, cable television with in room movies, coffee making facilities, telephone, air conditioning, alarm clock, desk, complimentary high speed internet access and radio. I would recommend requesting an upper floor or something on the exterior of the floor. Did not find a room until 2am, and they sent us to a dirty La Quinta smoking room outside of New Orleans. If you are a light sleeper then this hotel is not for you. This was my first and last time staying there and i visit New Orleans at least twice a year. Nice staff, the room was very clean and drowned out most of the sound of Mardi Gras which was nice when we were ready to relax. Staff was exceedingly pleasant and rooms were nice (a little small but adequate). Dirty Kleenex found under curtains and ash residues found in the shower when first took the room. Staff was alright but not as friendly as you normally see in most hotels (often ignored when coming in/out, and when you need to take out your card after 10pm to get in the front door, I had to juggle around with food in my hands to get the card out  and activate the sensor while the person at the desk was just staring at me, yet it was the same person I had said *I'll be back with food* to about 20min before.) Hotel overbooked for the weekend, so when we arrived at 11 pm with two children to check in, they didnt have a room for us (although we had called earlier that day to confirm the room). No restaurant, no bar, no complimentary breakfast, no microwave, no refridg... The newly renovated hotel bar was fantastic and the service was great through out my stay Staff was awesome, especially those working in the cafe, very customer focused! My only complaint is the location of the room - we were in an interior, second floor room overlooking the lobby/bar area so as it got busy it got very noisy. Great property, little dirt on the floor and one day housekeeping didn’t show! The location is perfect; especially for our stay for Wrestlemania weekend. The entire hotel is non-smoking and guests can check in from 3 pm. We will definitely be staying here again in the future. My boyfriend and I were able to walk to everything from Bourbon Street to the Superdome. We had a little mixup on the reservation, but they eventually found it. The rooms you can hear the people through the next walls . also ii payed for valet, once i got downstairs to get my vehicle they said some guy was stuck in the elevator who had my keys sooo ii had to wait over 45 mins just to get my car. No bathroom door in the room , than got put right next to the gym . Also, I was expecting a gym in the hotel because it says in the hotel description.
Guests can grab breakfast, lunch, dinner and cocktails at The Bistro. We also were requesting to check in 4 hours early. Liked the room configuration with sink and vanity separate from toilet and shower, especially convenient when there are two in a room. My son in the open window room was ok but it got pretty cold that night (15 degrees), and would have preferred to set a temp and forget it. I picked this hotel due to its close proximity to the airport and hope that it’s name would mean nicer accommodations. Amenities in rooms at the Courtyard Denver Airport include flat-panel TVs and free Wi-Fi. Have always enjoyed staying at Marriott properties and this was no exception! Pool and hot tub are basic and the parking lot sucked! For a room that cost 320 per night I would have expected HD TV on every channel. The tv didn't have many channels we wanted to watch the game but could only watch in the bar area,(we had a child with us) Parking was easy and plentiful and the shuttle to the airport was very efficient. We were very happy with the room, but disappointed with the shuttle service. It was a very nice time spent in Denver, wouldn't hesitate to go back there. We arrived really late, but got right into our room with no delays at all. Woman I spoke to checked and said the refund would take 7-10 days. Doors would slam shut and outer blankets/comforter is paper thin? Unfortunately, we only were able to stay for about 6 hours, as we had driven in from skiing and had to catch an early flight out in the morning. Honestly the experience resembled a Motel 6, other than being cleaner. I guess they have just redecorated... let’s just say this is the first hotel room I’ve wanted to take a picture of and post about, and the comfort matched the style. It was at least 20 minutes from downtown and all the action. The staff was friendly and helpful,  The Bistro food (we were tired so decided to eat at the hotel) was surprisingly very good. This property is about a half-hour drive from the Denver Museum of Nature & Science. I checked in to the hotel, and the shuttle I'd planned to catch to meet my friend at the airport didn't arrive as scheduled. Did not eat while there so can not comment on their dining services. The staff was incredible, the food and atmosphere at the restaurant was great (even an outside fire pit!! We had a brief yet delightful stay after a long drive back from Vail and awaiting our early morning flight. The front desk thought we had wall controls, which we didn’t, and did not know what to do. The only complaint we had was the noisy air conditioner. Great staff, clean rooms and very peaceful stay, just to far from the city!!! The Aurora History Museum is 20 minutes away by car. The power went out at about 5am, all surrounding hotels too, came back on around 7am. Great customer service... we loved the people at the front desk very nice and competent. The same was true when we were trying to catch the shuttle from the airport back to the hotel. We had a great view from our balcony of the mountains. They didn't even have an exhaust fan in the bathroom. Going on vacation and this hotel was a good location to the airport with shuttle service. Excellent location only 7 miles from DIA, so we were easily able to make it to our 5:45 a.m. flight. The accommodations include coffee makers, plus bottled water is offered for a fee. Nice stay except for the loud fan noise from the bathroom. So we Opened the window in one room and put the unit on fan only to circulate the air. Gentleman checking out early in morning was less than pleasant although. Room was ready early and they were eager to help with recomendations. We never stay at Marriotts because we have had multiple unpleasant experiences. when the compressor started up in the room it was too noisy to sleep well. On Friday, March 23rd, we arrived around noon, only to have a mix up due to Expedia not having updated information. Thank you for providing such attention to detail for us, even though we were there ever so briefly. After I went to the room, I realized that my original request was better for me, but I elected to leave it alone since it was a 10 pm check in and we were tired. Van picked us up at airport and returned us next morning. It didn't cause a major disruption, but was annoying, esp. We had the pancakes and the banana bread french toast. The building is in great shape and has a very nice common area just inside the door with very nice tables, fire place, big TV, and mini restaurant that is staffed during the day with better than average sandwiches, yogurts, etc. Quick complimentary shuttle ride to airport with very friendly driver. We were too tired to think about going out to eat and so we decided to order food from The Bistro. Nice, average hotel, however corporate management thinks it's OK to install AC units with motion sensors that kick off after 10-15 minutes of inactivity (sleeping). There was no breakfast, no newspaper which we received at half the price motels. Called again because refund did not come through my bank account. My first time to Colorado and I look forward to returning again soon. When I stepped in, I fell so hard on the floor, I bounced. The rooms were on different floors, which I didn’t like, but it was the only option available. It has an indoor pool, fitness centre and hot tub. Other than that it was quiet, clean and had a very cute Bistro with great food. She offered a shuttle pickup for the next morning and wake up call before we could even ask. We used this for a quick overnight in between college visits for our daughter, and it was perfect location for the airport, there is a diner just down the road with excellent food. Needs LCD lighting over the sink so we can see better. Also, it's just over ten miles from Buckley Air Force Base. This was a hotel billing error and they didn't own it. After a rough day of traveling, we booked a room with two queen beds. Really close to the airport so it is convenient and the staff is friendly. Also, she said they made a mistake yesterday and did not refund the full amount (forgot to refund taxes). We were also very surprised by the cleanliness and size of our room. I told the manager about it, but he did not seem to care. Due to an injury that occurred the day before the staff quickly helped us with a wheel chair and a room to accommodate our needs. A friend and I stayed here, after she arrived by a late-evening flight. I have stayed at some nice hotels in my many travels recently, but this takes the cake. The outlet beside the bed was loose and the cell phone charger was barely hanging in it Check in went well except they asked if I would like to change my second room to a king instead of two queens, to accommodate my family of 5. I had a balcony but thought the room was mediocre, it was basically a tv and bed. At the time, I was caught off guard, but was willing to make the change. We were very happy with our delicious meal and the ease and convenience of eating in our room while relaxing. Once we got to the rooms, they were at a temp of 70 and 71 degrees. Considering its price, it does not offer much, if any, in amenities--not even a free bottle of water on arrival, not an umbrella to borrow for the rainy weather. The shower floor is like slippery marble and they had no kind of traction slips or pads. Noises kept us up all night and they must have been working on flood repairs or something, as they had a noisy fan blowing in the hallway all night. (when we were leaving)  I was very impressed that the manager was in the lobby apologizing to guests about the power outage inconvenience. Without a car, you would have to take the shuttle back to the airport and take the A line to the city. Quick check in, pleasant staff and very clean and comfortable room. Thought we were getting something better when we booked it. We stayed here for two nights and the entire hotel is well maintained and very clean. The customer service and condition of this particular airport Marriott, surely has changed our minds! The lady, I can't remember her name, was absolutely AWESOME and super accommodating, even though this was not their fault! When staying at the Courtyard Denver Airport, guests can get their needs met by courteous, friendly staff members, and use the 24-hour airport shuttle to take care of transportation to the terminals. The person I spoke with was very rude and told me to call hotels.com with my complaints. We were able to finally relax after our very stressful trip. It was the most expensive motel we stayed in but it was the most disappointing. We called for questions about how to get to the cable channels and no one answered. We tried to set the thermostat to cool to drop the temp to 68 but the wall units would not cool at all.
The staff kept working on it the entire time we were eating. The only comment we had was that the room was quite small. In general, our experience was good, the staff is not very friendly but they try to help you and there is milk or cream for the coffee!!!! 5 minutes from a beautiful park, again up a steep hill (Lisbon is built on hills, so to be expected!). It had a comfortable bed, desk, table, 2 chairs and a comfortable chair for reading or watching TV as well as a minibar. Easy walk to Hop on Hop off bus and one of the main avenues. We were at the back of the hotel, the road outside was noisy, but didn't keep us awake. The staff did what they had to do but with no enthusiasm or sign of motivation. However, tea tended to be herbal..so take your own English tea if it's what you drink..and milk! Located in Marques de Pombal, Turim Av Liberdade Hotel is an elegant four-star hotel with contemporary facilities that aims to give guests the best experience. Great hotel, room reasonable size, great bathroom..though some people may find the glass window into the room strange!. The parking garage was extremely tight, with only one ramp. No proper desk in the room Very poor Internet speed Breakfast is served for additional charge of Euro, however, an extra charge is required for  Cappuccino... The staff seemed to be quite stressed trying to keep up with replacing the food fast enough to keep up with the demand. These experiences would probably vary by time and by day, so we would try again if ever in Lisbon since we did get a good night's sleep. Location is up a very long steep hill, people with mobility issues may find it a very long trek into the centre and out again. You can open the window if you can put up with heavy traffic noise. The food in the chafing dishes was cold, with the runny, cold scrambled eggs and cold soggy bacon especially unappetizing. Staff throughout were the best, friendly, courteous and service oriented. The juice machine was not working properly, and the juice was mostly water. Guests can also hang out at the Gin Twist Bar. You emerge from your room into a dark corridor and the lights take a couple of seconds to come on. We have stayed in Turim hotels before and would choose them again, however this location didn't really suit us due to husband's health condition. The only problem with room, is that they don’t run the AC during this time to save energy, so the room does get stuffy. Taxis are very cheap if you need to go further. Each room is equipped with free Wi-Fi, a television with satellite channels, an airconditioner, a minibar, a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries and hairdryer, coffee/tea making facilities, a safe, and a telephone. The hotel’s restaurant, Duk - Pizzeria Steak House specialises in meat dishes and has a classic ambience. Going up was very steep, and by the time we were able to open the door to get out, and then restart our manual transmission on such a steep upward slope, cars were coming down and we had to back down the ramp and try again. When we finally found the buffet, it was less than satisfying. Also, the restaurant was difficult to find because there was no signage to direct us. The pizza I ordered in the restaurant took a while to come and was hardly warm when it arrived. If someone is going up while another is coming down, one car needs to wait. We had a good one-night stay, but there were a few things we found that could use improvement. Executive room has a size of basic single room - balcony is not used anyhow. Walkable to downtown and part of the old town as well. From Turim Av Liberdade Hotel, the Rossio Square is just a five-minute drive away. Complimentary Wi-Fi access is available in the public areas of the hotel.
I waited unt 4:15 p.m. to go back to the front desk i get there no rooms available i was told they would text me when ready. I had a one bedroom condo on the first floor in the Grande Villas. if you just want to hang out at the resort for a day. I don't have enough good things to say about the room, the staff, amenities and events. Spacious, we could cook our own meals, do laundry, rent movies, great balcony. And if you hadn’t used it in a while it would disconnect you. Nice lobby when you come to check in, then you get bombarded with time-share offers. While the overall property does not offer the true amenities of a hotel, what it lacks in services is MORE than made up for in the quality of the accommodations. We just moved the sofa mattress into the bedroom so the kids could sleep on the floor. There are plenty of restaurants and a drugstore within driving distance. If you're flying down and not planning to rent a car, you may want to check on this before you stay. We were only approached upon checking in, but could have easily said no thank you. The location was great as well - easy in and out, and close to all the activities in the area that we needed. Thanks Diamond Resorts, I don't want to stay with you all again. They DID--illegally--run my credit history off my driver's license number--they will do the same to you. We stay here nearly every time we come to Disney - which, as annual passholders is at least 2-3 nights every couple of months. They only want to look to see if you're worth trying to sell a timeshare to. I had a wonderful experience from check in to check out. 1) Make sure you realize that it's not a hotel, but a condo type experience, i.e., no daily housekeeping and you need to purchase or bring supplies like toilet paper. Thank you very much and I hope many people will enjoy your place as us. Initial connection was a long drawn out process instead of the usual pick the network and add a password. The unit was clean and comfortable with enough space to spread out. We didn't know we even had housekeeping till the last night we where there. Otherwise, a great place and we had a lot of fun! We decided we are going to be booking again for our next visit. Excelent Room Clean and comfort good people in the front desk It was clean and I liked the extra activities had on sight. This has now become our go to destination spot after this trip. I told her we don't feel safe would she at least escort us back again she became irriated i asked and said no. Our three children loved the pools and mini golf course. The condo was spacious and could be easily shared by six people, if someone had been willing to sleep on the pull out couch in the living room. Forgot something, the front desk will get it for you. I cannot understand facilities that rake in the cash but can’t provide user friendly high-speed Internet service. There are two issues I had that are not bad enough to lower my score, but still big enough to pass on. - A 5-minute drive, minimal traffic), amusement & entertainment (SeaWorld, Discovery Cove, Aquatica - A 5-10 minute drive, minimal traffic) (Medieval Times, A 20 min - 1 hr drive pending traffic) & Grocery Stores (within 5-15 minute drive) all within a short drive. We had booked with Diamond Resorts for years and had a bad experience with a sister property Liki Tiki last summer. Its homey feel is great for any length of stay! They only asked once and were not pushy about it so it was OK. They take your credit card and charge you if you don't show up. It had a friendly atmosphere - both staff and other visitors. And then be able to have dinner in our room. The bed was clean and comfortable, the bathroom was enormous and modern and again, very clean. I traveled alone, so the 1 bedroom suite was more than enough for me. On the fourth day we returned and found that only the towels were changed out and the garbage was emptied. My family stayed a short time but we were really impressed with how quiet it was at night especially since we were close to the pool area. We go to the front desk and he had secruity ride around to see if she could find us a parking spot. I would book this again if we are coming for 2nd time It tested out at five megs in the day and Less than two at night. The condo was very spacious and the master bedroom and bath was awesome. We were asked daily about attending their time share seminar, which we had turned down early on our stay but they persistently asked. After getting a manager involved was able to check in well after 5. I booked a one room suite with plans to surprise my girlfriend  (she thought we had just a basic room). The only negative was the air conditioner being pretty close to the bedroom, so we turned it off and used the ceiling fans. I'm not sure that I will stay at their properties again as most of the positive things had little to do with the actual property. Pullout couch with linens in the closet, pool and mini golf areas were well cared for, Parking was included and easy enough to find a spot. Very nice, me and my family will definitely be back ! It was within 15 minutes of the parks, so very easy to go to and from. The resort staff were all so helpful , professional and nice. Check in was easy but the concierge grabs you and starts pushing all these deals and opportunities at sister properties that honestly are a put off. One of the families moved the twin beds together to make a queen bed and under the bed was extremely clean. Was so happy for my husband that wanted to see Disney he's 85 year old Korean War Veteran. My husband and I only stayed three nights, but it was a comfortable stay. The washing machine, that was free to use, did not work. Just a little out of the way for the parks, but this was not a problem for us. Overall, very pleased with our stay and would gladly return. Great rental, very clean, very spacious, up to date on everything from kitchen to flat screen tv’s to both bathrooms and priced right. When we pulled out the extra pillows from the closet for the couch they had makeup on them. We'd recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be staying there again. Lots of amenities, comfortable beds, and plenty of space for 6 adults. We could not have asked for a better experience for our first visit to Orlando. Convienient for a mini maket and hot food station in complex. We had a great stay, I highly recommend this place. You are pressured to go to a timeshare meeting the moment you check-in and pressured to buy a vacation trip during check-out. was told no rooms available and that I needed to wait until 4p.m. It has absolutely everything you need, is super clean, spacious, quiet, and has all the comforts of home. It was very well stocked, the beds comfy, and the complex was beautiful. The grounds were kept up and most important it was quiet. Price of a hotel but resort amenities - best of both worlds. The grounds are clean and the buildings in good repair. Our 14-year old son slept here, and deemed the very thin mattress comparable to sleeping on springs, so he just slept on the couch without pulling out the bed. This of course is not really a problem for basic browsing . There wasn't a washer/dryer in the unit; however there is a community washer/dryer that is free on the 2nd floor. The agent I checked in and out with was polite and informative, Disney is about a 20 minute drive away, and parking was never an issue when I returned in the evening. Later that night decided to stop by the office to check on the tickets. You pre-pay to stay here & it's illegal to ask for a SS# since they're not extending credit. The outdoor patio was spacious and connected to the living room and master bedroom. Our condo was very clean and looked just as pictured. Loved that they had activities planned out everyday-however wish there was a little more poolside entertainment/music for this week with so many kids and families - to keep it lively around the pool. The unit next to use had a pipe burst and the housekeeping brought over a dehumidifier to put against our adjoining doors. The resort itself needed some updates in certain areas, like the paint was peeling off of the stairs up to my room, and the bar area was a little sad. Excellent place... Near to all Parks (Disney and Universal), and Outlets. We stayed with our adult children and we all had a great experience. They keep calling even if you tell them to put you on their Do not call list. So, my only concern would be the amount of people in the pools if the hotel had more guests. First, we did not request that only these items be taken care of, Secondly, it was apparent that they did not vacuum, clean the sinks, replace the sheets, wipe down any surfaces or do anything that would normally be anticipated for a cleaning. Our stay was comfortable & we would stay here anytime! Grand Villas is also in a central location with eateries (Miller's Ale House- Great Place! I asked if the gift card could be send to my room to which they said no and that I must continue to wait.This was after the fact that I had told the salesman that I had to leave because I had to take my family out to eat. I was close to disney and Disney Springs as well as multiple restaurants. We were coaxed into sitting through a 2 hour time share seminar but was rewarded with a $125 gift card. The kitchenette can definitely save costs on eating out for every meal. We chose this resort to stay at while visiting Disney and honestly, there was so much going on right here that it was hard to leave to do other things! We absolutely loved staying here, there was not one thing wrong with this experience. We stayed for a couple nights while we went to Universal Studios. Great location 45min from cocoa beach and a short drive just about anywhere else . The rooms were spacious and clean and the  beds were even comfortable. First day was great but next day they left a note on my front door saying that they were going to start Paint my BLDG on the following morning. When they left at 5:00 pm didn’t even clean the overspray on the hallways. Since we've returned home we received email after email and call after call trying to get a review, being told we won something and wanting to book us again. This place is convenient and definitely good for the price. There are shop and restaurants everywhere, some within walking distance. Me and my daughters stayed in a 1 bedroom unit and it was perfect for us. Be forewarned this is a timeshare development and they will try to set you up with a meeting to try to sell you on it. If you're staying to go see the Parks, or even overnight, it's a great stay. Very nice condo, very close to Disney Springs and the parks. We went in early May, which I assume is a slow season in Orlando. My reservation was not in the system when I showed up and the service was very slow. The property itself is fairly new so everything worked correctly and was crisp and clean. Great place to stay as a base for Disney and both coasts. Also loved using the Volcano Pool and game room across the Street. Additionally, I crossed out and specifically refused them permission to telemarket me. The condo has a good bed, a large soaking tub, separate shower and a nice kitchen area with all the modern amenities. Also, it can get a little noisy in the evening around the pool. Second, I really enjoy having more than just a hotel room. The decor is lovely and the people working there have been the NICEST I have ever met. Christian was quick to respond and so easy to deal with. They DO telemarket me ALL THE TIME via robocalls identifying themselves. This place has everything you could possibly need at a fraction of the cost it would be to stay at an onsite Disney property - full kitchen, washer/dryer, roomy, comfortable beds, very friendly, attendant staff and less than a $10 Uber ride (in most cases) to any of the parks. We did not go but front desk even called our room to ask why we were not going. It was a good hotel, but we really had an issue with the cleaning policy.They stated at check-in that the hotel room was to be cleaned on the fourth day of our stay. Showers will take twice the time and you will still feel like there is shampoo or conditioner in your hair or soap in some crevices. The unit was larger then I expected , very clean and had everything we needed. The resort has a full activity calendar to engage all of their guests, including small children. And even though I’m fairly computer literate I had to go through their IT hotline which is provided to reconnect. We would definitely recommend this Resort to others and would definitely return if we were to come to Orlando again. Providing residents with brief and hassle-free access to Orlando’s bustling, Grande Villas Resort sits among many central attractions, including theme parks a such as Walt Disney World. Having a washer and dryer in the unit was also a bonus. The his and her sinks in the bathroom were very convenient. I do not want to be forced to see a concierge! It provides you with everything you would have at your home. Calling the room daily after being told at check in no. The front desk agreed and then stated that they do not clean but perform a towel changeout only. Varying between two and four-person occupancies, each includes such convenient amenities as pull-out sofas, screened porches, and full-size kitchens or kitchenettes. They said sorry no discount tickets but you can buy them at full price from us... no thanks. Everything was perfect and we definetly enjoyed our stay and plan to book your place for our next disney and/or Orlando vacations. The concierge wanted us to attend a program for a free vacation, but we declined and I was happy that they were not pushy about it. It superseded my expectations and the rate was perfect for my budget! There is a grocery store quite close as well as several restaurants. Last minute decided to stay in Orlando and happened to see this place. Friday evening the neighbors arrived and we could hear their child crying and them talking, but closing the bedroom door and turning on a sound machine solved that issue. It wasn't a deal breaker, but it was a surprise. The resort had many activities for young, preteen and teenage children.It was located close to the parks as well as downtown Disney. Bed with the pillows was very comfortable, and while there were kids around, our room on the 5th floor was very quiet, I would stay there again. There are stores and restaurants within walking distance, and a short drive will take you to any of the parks you plan to visit. The resort is very quiet, yet very close to the Disneyworld Entrance and several restaurants, stores and attractions. Weather was too cold for the pool but looked great. The amenities were endless... basketball court, tennis court, putt putt etc. And every time you got off of that network, It would not automatically reconnect when you arrived back at your condo. The business office people have demonstrated that they are not good people. while the utensils were present for one to prepare and cook the food for dining in, the preparation space was nearly non-existent in our room. I have stayed at this property several times for many reasons. We enjoyed our stay at the grand villas , very nice resort a home away from home !! We didn't use the kitchen a lot, but it had everything we would have needed. The most important part to us was that it was very clean, no bugs! We used this is our home base for a Disney vacation. *** perfect vacation place *** The resort was perfectly situated and very clean. Additionally, a market is on-site and various dining establishments are within walking distance of Grande Villas Resort. I rechecked the listing and it definitely sounds like a regular resort hotel, not like a rental apartment or condo. I’ve traveled all over the world and I don’t believe I’ve ever found water pressure weaker than at this facility. Among those more-basic amenities offered to guests of this central-dwelling complex—24-hour reception, high-speed Wi-Fi, and laundry services, for example—residents enjoy in-room massage services. The staff was very attentionate and there to help us for everything. Will keep in mind next time we have the need to stay in Orlando. (Upon check-out the concierge did tell me we could have asked for more of supplies, but since there wasn't maid service and there were notes about these supplies will get you started, we assumed that would not be the case.) The beds were super comfy and the pull out sofa was the absolute best ever!! The locale could not have been much better for all of the Disney attractions. Again, I was traveling alone, so I didn't use many of the amenities, but the price was excellent, the property was lovely and safe, and located close enough to everything you might need on vacation. Only thing cleaning staff never came by the 2 nights we were there. The staff are very friendly and right there to help if needed. The world-class athletic facility at Grand Villas is nothing more than five treadmills. I really enjoyed my stay and I plan to return and stay there next time I have to come into town. Even on chilly days we were able to enjoy the pools because they were heated! When I book a resort based only on reviews and pictures, I am always skeptical on what I am going to get. Two bedroom units are nicer (more grand) than the 1 bedroom units. We had a great time and there were so many things to do. Very nice to have 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with 2 teenagers. Front desk staff very pleasant and accommodating..pool access clse to our room so very nice.conveience store, tiki bar right on property. I highly recommend this property to families that may not be familiar to the area and are looking for a less expensive option to staying on Disney property. Fast forward to the night we came back after being out and there was NO PARKING what so ever where our building is. We constantly tidy up after ourselves, but this was not-so-pleasant surprise. If you do stay there, know that the walls of these TINY TINY units are paper thin. Double vanities and a private toilet make for easy use. Will definitely be coming back the kids loved It too The activities for our family was very appreciated, the pools, mini-golf and all other conveniences was very fun and nice. I specifically crossed out, wrote NO and initialed the legal text about permission to check my credit. The master bedroom and bath were lovely; comfy bed and pillows, spacious tub and shower, and super soft towels too! It was close to the attractions we wanted to do. We had a two-bedroom, two-bath unit that was perfect for our family of five. What we thought would be an outdated place turned out to be a comfortable and beautiful home for the weekend! We had a master bedroom with a double closet, two sinks, shower and spa tub. Traditional, calming décor and solid-wood furnishings comprise the sleeping arrangements at Grande Villas Resort. We didn't go to the pool on this trip, but looked very nice from our balcony. Grand Villas Resort has left a lasting impression on us! Our 3 kids enjoyed the pool and the activities the resort offered and my husband and I enjoyed the privacy and distance from the park chaos in the evening. We stayed in building A in a 1 bedroom on the 3rd floor. Nice and clean, Great Staff, nice pool and fitness center They apparently did not care and kept me waiting until I finally got up and left. The extra bedroom and bath were great, and it was so nice to have the option to do laundry in our unit, especially for drying swim suits and towels. There was a laundry room, full kitchen, dining area and living room. Our 2 bedroom condo was clean, spacious, and had everything we needed to unwind after 5 days at Disney World. I was very disappointed with the aggressive sales tactics used by their staff and the way guest are treated if they decline to buy a vacation trip or decline to purchase timeshare. It is definitely designed to keep a majority of the population offline. At the front desk very nice attend me very welcome. They also have a daily itinerary of activities going on such as: making S'mores, Karaoke, Trivia, Ceramic Painting, and so on. We will definitely consider coming back, and will also recommend this property to others. I’ve been going to Florida about 20yrs years, but now I have a young family, a suite is better for. Because I usually travel with my family, it gives us enough space (2 bedrooms, living room, dining room, and kitchen) to spread out, and stay up or wake up at different times without keeping others awake. The pools and hot tubs were lovely, and the kids loved the mini golf course. We rented four condos in order to attend a cheerleading competition located on Hotel Plaza Boulevard and Buena Vista Dr. Also, there were tiny black ants, which were more of a nuisance than anything. When we arrived at the resort, we were VERY pleased with what we saw. I again had to ask for a manager to get this taken care of. I was not disappointed with the booking and she was extatic with the room and loved the huge tub! They have a new bar at the pool which is wonderful. We needed a few extra towels and they were delivered in under 10 minutes. I rate this hotel 5 stars because it met all my expectations. During our Easter stay, they had an egg hunt for kids which was nice; although it could have been organized a better. They said construction may be happening but in the week I was there I never saw a worker. I don’t usually leave reviews but this place was truly amazing. and the buggy to take us to the parks was great as well. Great hotel for the price and close to many attractions. I would give this place 10 stars if I could! Then I asked for a late checkout, which they were happy to accommodate but as the phone call ended, they reminded me to stop by the concierge on our way out. The staff left a card stating these facts were per our request. Because the price was so good we weren’t sure what the place would really be like. After the sales pitch was over, I told the salesman that I liked the concept of timeshare and wanted to sleep on the idea of purchasing it. Amazing place to stay in Orlando with full amenities and really nice 2 bedrooms!! It is being renovated on the outside but that doesn’t detract from the rooms. The resort was very clean and the front desk staff was exceptionally pleasant and helpful. I booked this knowing it was a timeshare resort and when filling in the paperwork at the check-in counter I specifically refused to give them my Social Security number. It also was in a very convenient location to the parks. We really liked the screen porch and used it every day. The location is great if you are going to Disney, the road out has a stop light on 535. 2) The space under the doors (2) between us and our adjoining neighbors was pretty big. Good location, good housekeeping, and the pools are nicely kept. Great trip, friendly staff, clean facilities, close to all family attractions in Orlando At this point if there were no rooms available then why not give me somrthing comparable instead of having guest just sit and wait. It was a pleasure to stay at the Grande Villas Resort by Diamond Resorts. The staff was nice the space was big and a lot of activities to do there I would definitely go back there The condo was clean, tidy and had all the amenities anyone would need. If there had been 6 of us, the sleeping arrangements would have been problematic. We came with our three kids and it was perfect for us!! 1 queen bed and a pull out couch, huge bathroom. They were always in communication and offered us free housekeeping. Clean, well appointed and comfy and the resort had a great pool setting as well. Honestly I think I should have been informed of the situation upon my check in, so I could decide to stay or not. I stuck a towel under the door to help muffle some of the sound of their crying child, their dryer (?) Perfectly located near restaurants and grocery shopping so you're set if you want to eat at the condo or go out to eat. The pools were great and we enjoyed the dive-in movie. They also offer other amenities that are get options instead of the parks all day. Nice hotel close to all the parks, only bad thing is they try to sell you an other stay with them. Booking on line I didn't realize this was a time  share. everything you need is very close (restaurants, grocery store, Disney theme park)..overall I would highly recommend this property and we would def stay again Kids in the pool were a little loud - especially at 10:00 PM. Spa treatments are also available, as well as a salon, medical facility, and shopping center. We did get a different room right away and they were very good about that. Mini golf, a kids activity center with arts & crafts, games, etc... a Tiki Bar, small store packed with everything you could possibly need on vacation, a made to order snack bar with lots to choose from. & it's very close to all the Disney theme parks. Overall we loved this resort, they’re in the middle of renovations-painting so lots of that stuff going on, but overall we loved it! First, the close proximity to parks makes it easy for my family to take a break during the day to decompress by the pool. We had a wonderful family vacation, we met friends from Ireland and both families rented condos, it was close to everything and the staff were superb The buildings are a bit old but it's hard to tell they do keep it up. Across a 4 lane street we asked since its late, dark, we are not from here,we have some stuff to carry in  if we park across the street will there be a shuttle the secruity guard was rude and said no you have to walk. I had to call maintenance one time and they came right away. When I arrived at my destination I could not believe that this was the right place. Stayed for a week while kids went to Disney and Universal. I would not stay here again and would not recommend . While there we used the pool which was very clean, and they also had a toddler pool. For your apartment and where we lived those days it was over our expectations. All of the staff were friendly and helpful, and the front desk staff is available 24/7. It was very clean & the grounds were well kept. It was great to come back in the evenings and cool off in the pools. We have been to Orlando many times and this is the first hotel we have stayed at where we can say 100% we would return. Overall worth it for the money and I would come back. Really enjoyed this condo and will definitely stay here again! We were located on the ground floor right by the little store (which carries everything you need and more). The pool was fine (we only used one, but they had several). Everything was clean and comfortable and the staff was pleasant. We would certainly stay in a Diamond Resorts property again! However, the master bedroom bed was not comfortable along with the living room chairs. The pool was clean, lots of great spaces and open lounge chairs! You really don't have to leave if you don't want to. The older couple living next door to our unit were very nice to each other but you could hear even every *quiet* word they spoke, every chair scrape, the dishwasher running, etc. You can also use the pools across the street which included slides and a volcano! Our first room had bugs in it, not bed bugs but not sure what type? We had several pools and hot tubs to choose from. I'm not one to post reviews unless I am highly disappointed with something. When I went to room very very nice and clean no problem The pools were within walking distance and stayed open to 11pm which is nice. When we called and reported this, the front desk staff stated that this was what consisted of the fourth day cleaning. They did not bother us at all with anytime share calls. If it weren't for this, I would give it 5 stars. We have stayed at many hotels around Orlando and this is one we will definitely come back to. The Grande Villas offers a quiet getaway with lots of fun activities, pools, hot tubs, playground, and mini golf for families. We were a little disappointed because we did not have a washer/dryer unit in our condo, those are only in the 2 bedroom units. Rooms are clean, staff is friendly, lots of fun and activities for the kids. They came in and gave us new towels and made our beds. The bedroom was a decent size and the bathroom was the best room in the suite with a large soaking tub and large separate shower. This is a timeshare and they try very hard to get you to come listen to their sales pitch. Oh we just loved it  the experience was so AWESOME for my daughter and grand daughter and my self we will be coming back again.thanks for everything. We barely got checked in after a long day of travel and they bombard you with getting you to a two hour time share meeting. Our little therapy dog Bowzer was very good an went everywhere with us!!! And they weren't loud people, just the walls are thin. The sister pool has a volcano in the middle of it and 2 water slides. The property seems to be a little dated on the outside but the inside rooms well make up for the renovations on the outside. The walls of the apartments are superthin and voices can be heard easily outside along with footsteps on stairwells etc. My family of 5 was very impressed with this property. My only, and I mean only, suggestion would be to have a cafeteria or some such so that you can have a meal on-site, or even just breakfast. It had everything we needed for our stay (plenty of towels, coffee maker, dish washer tabs, laundry soap, hair dryer, etc) The beds were so comfortable. The only thing I disliked was the pressure to watch a 2 hour presentation/seminar for timeshare or ownership something told them at check in wasn't interested and they called me three other times asking me to attend kind of annoying but over all a very nice resort, and I would stay there again. It did come with everything you would need in a small kitchen to make meals. There were an alarming about of holes in outside structures. They had some great activities for the kids at the resort, so we didn't feel the need to go to the parks every day. The Resort also has 2 pools, 2 hot tubs & 1 kids pool, miniature golf and also provided daily activities for children if interested. We had to sit through a 90 minute sales pitch but it saved us 300.00 on park passes. The kids really enjoyed the activities (watching movies while swimming, s'mores etc). Noise started at 8:00 am and continued all day long with gas powered spray machines. The mattress and pillows were extra comfortable, so we slept great. From the staff at the on-site Tiki Bar, Food Market Five Star Pizza & Deli, to the cleanliness, the resort had everything you needed right on-sight. My kids had a blast playing ping pong and met lots of little friends. My granddaughter and I enjoyed our stay at Grande Villas. The sofa was in the kitchen area, which was kind of bizarre, but it didn't bother me. Being this the first time I stayed in a resort, I agreed to go to their 2-hour timeshare meeting to learn more. Very happy with the cleanliness, staff and amenities.Would stay here again. Overall the property is nice and clean, the staff is friendly, and we enjoyed our stay. From what I was told by some of the owners, the place was renovated about 5 years ago. The resort has a beautiful pool and spa with a market store and tiki bar. the only issue we had was with the volcano pool in cypress. Nice area, lots of restaurants, 22 minutes from Magic Kingdom. We were happy with the way they took care of us. We were very impressed with the condo at the Grande Villa Resort! amazing apartment, well located, clean, neat and great value for money. Everything you need in one place at an affordable rate. Although I did not try it, the word around the resort is the pizza at the resort is a well kept secret. We had 6 in the apartment and it worked well. The staff was helpful and the condo itself exceeded our expectations! Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to go back. the resort was fine, but the timeshare pressure is extreme. We did not have kid with us but you would be perfect for families with smaller kids as they have activities like miniature golf pools and playground I went in to register and it was beautiful I thought to myself if the lobby is like this the room must be too. The pools were nice and there was a park and small mini golf area. My first time at Grande Villas, but the size and quality of this suite was incredible value for money. Stayed Sat-Mon, Dec. 16-18, to go to Disney's Hollywood Studios Star Wars Galactic Nights and spend a few days at the parks. Full size kitchen 2 full bath 2 bedrooms I could not believe I got all this for that low price!!! I waited for about 30 minutes and no one came to check me out or give me the gift card. Great location - close to all kinds of restaurant and theme parks and airport! all the appliances and everything was their for us to be able to use as if we were living there. There is a little store onsite and the people who work there are nice. The one bedroom, one bath (lockout) condo that we stayed in was clean and had all the essentials anyone would need. We loved the kitchen and master suite with tub and shower. Staffs are nice, good size of the rooms & with laundry which is a good plus for my family. Value was good, rooms were above average, if you can find a 2 bedroom they are huge and have a nice breakfast area, big table and would be worth it (a friend got one). We've talked to all of our friends about your place and we will keep your information for the future and hope that rent your place again will be possible. The facility was very nice, and the service was good, a little too noisy in the mornings. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite for my husband and I and our 2 kiddos (10 &7) and had lots of great space! Menu items available for all meals gave a 4 out of 5 for pizza. Disney Springs is also very close, though we did not go there. The resort is well manicured, you can see the pride in it! They did have one on the 2nd floor that you could use for free. The owners get also high marks from me, they are very quick and precise in answers. When I was ready to leave, the salesman told me not to leave and wait for a manager to come give me my gift card. Staff keep lying to us to set appointment to sell out timesshare and keep change the time and duration on orientation time Just was very pleased with the ease of the transaction as well as with my condo. The location is also close to lots of eating and shopping options. Me and my family really enjoyed our stay there, 0 complaints!!! The negative- they offered us 5 tickets to a theme park during check in. He called someone over to help him but decided to speak Spanish to his coworkers about our situation which is beyond rude. It is a great price for the space and the location. 4:30 p.m. comes around still no text i go back to desk still no rooms. It was a nice property and everything was great....until we got home. We went with 3 small children and stayed the the 2 bedroom suite with a kitchen. and we were able to walk to the market to buy food. Great option for staying off property while still doing all the major theme parks in Orlando. We stated that this was not was agreed to, nor described to us prior to booking. The onsite deli/grocery store was very convenient and served good food. I was promised a gift card just for showing up and staying there the entire time. The living area itself was small and awkward with the television place high near the ceiling so that it was awkward to watch. I liked the way all the different building are set in a ring around a central pool and hot tub. A wonderful place to stay w family when visiting the parks. We all loved the condo unit-very well appointed, and spotless!! I heard people discussing the time share options with others, but no one bugged me. There were many activities for families (mini-golf, games, nightly activities, an arcade at a sister property, several pools, ping pong, a jacuzzi or 2, etc.) However, I did have a decent amount of ants in the bathroom which might bother some but not enough for me to ask to exchange rooms and my husband had to go to 2 different laundry station towers to find one that works. Was extremely happy with the room and service of all the employees that work here! The pool is a good size and also has a bar/deli/pizza shop right next door. We were impressed with how much space we had in our room...very large bathroom with tub and shower, a very nice sleeping area, and a kitchen/living area. Fully sized kitchens or kitchenettes and a collection of gas-grills sprawled about the courtyard are at the disposal of visitors. However, the meeting lasted about 3 hours and I never received my gift card. The location is very nice, close to Disney, shopping, restaurants, etc. A lot of different activities to take part of within the “resort” very close to Disney which was perfect since we were there for my daughters birthday. That inquiry is ILLEGAL and DOES HARM your credit score. It was unfortunate that the property was being painted while we were there, but we understand that it needs upkeep. The only issue we had was them pressuring us to do a time share presentation. I also witnessed one of their staff members crumble up a paper in front of a guest's face after the guest declined to buy a trip with them at check-out. To my knowledge, they do not have shuttle service to the parks, however we had our own vehicle so it was not a problem for us. So if you are fitness minded, like convenient high-speed Internet, a good cleansing shower and want some semblance of privacy you might try a different property. This is a nice place right by Disney and easy to get in and out of. We have used this company to book through at this resort in the past. The guy we spoke to was rude and suggest that we continue to wait even though we have now waited 45 mins after check in time. And don’t even get me started on the so-called high-speed Internet. All of the activities offered were fantastic - our kids especially loved the ice cream social and movie at the pool.
The location is amazing if you're parting at the reeperbahn. The Hotel is definitely not for handicapped persons, long, narrow stairs and no elevator. I can definitely recommend the hotel, it's clean and comfortable. I was lucky to be in 1st floor as I had a large suitcase and a large box of work samples. A hotel right on Reeperbahn could go either way but the room wa clean and comfortable.
Disneyland Park, Discovery Cube Orange County and Knott’s Berry Farm are all in close proximity to the hotel. The apartments feature fully-equipped kitchenettes, coffee makers, fridges, air-conditioning units, desks, complimentary toiletries and free Wi-Fi. Staff were very helpful in changing our room straightaway from 2nd floor to ground due to safety for todler. We have a kennel for her while in the room, but that did not matter. Other than that the hotel was great and the placement of the hotel is great and it was affordable. I am taking my sister & kids next week to Knotts and I am staying here again and looking foward to it! It is close (driving distance) to Disney land and Downtown Disney. Wish they had laundry on site, a gym or a bar. Lots of closet space, enough kitchen utensils if we had needed to cook anything. Sincerely one of the nicest, most accommodating, and centrally located Hotel I have ever stayed at in the Southern Cali area !!! Feels like youre in an old cabin in big bear but you're in anaheim! Once we got there, we were told that we may not leave our dog unattended for any reason or there is a $200 fine per incident. what we really liked was the size of the room--especially around this resort area where they want to fit you in a room the size of a closet for the same charge or more. It was a quiet hotel and there is a convience store right across the street. It is also located on a street where the sound of cars driving by where too audible to drown out w music. If you want to relax and be away from the hustle and bustle of congestion, you may want to visit this hotel. Although the hotel itself is dated, the rooms are big and having a kitchen is terrific for kids. Nice that there was a super market across the street. The mexican store across the stree saved us tons of money on eating out. There was noise late at night and early in the morning. This hotel was perfect the kitchen was stocked with plates pans knifes.. And everything you need to cook. The Hotel Pepper Tree Boutique Kitchen Studios - Anaheim hotel boasts 82 apartments, a restaurant in addition to an outdoor pool, barbeque area as well as on-site parking. The signal in our room was weak and we relied on the WiFi to plan our day since our cell signal was also weak in our room. Elevator was hot, but our room was nice and cool. In addition there is a self service/self pay for miscellaneous items such as snacks and sandwiches because it does not have a gift shop. My stay was great I even got a late checkout too. The room was clean and very well stocked with more than the essentials. Guests  at the Hotel Pepper Tree Boutique Kitchen Studios - Anaheim hotel, Anaheim, California, can relax and read their paper in front of the open fire in the hotel’s cozy lobby and during finer weather have a refreshing swim in the outdoor- pool. What a surprise we had when we got to the Pepper Tree. The only issue I had was the WiFi was not working very well. The hotel has tiles flooring that feel hollow underneath so when things like suitcases and housekeeper carts are wheeled around, all floors can hear the clunking loud noises! I cant imagine how much more noisy that would be. Worked well to use the china in the hotel room to go and get the breakfast and then have the breakfast on the private deck that came with the room. Everything was very convienent and had a homey feeling to it. My wife, son and I were on vacation with our small 5 pound puppy. The toilet didn't flush properly so it ran all the time and leaked water on the floor. The only issue we had while staying was when we first got there one of the front desk ladies was rude. Guests can also visit some of the nearby cafes and bars such as Trader Sam’s Enchanted Tiki Bar and the Elephant Bar Restaurant. The hotel was nice the staff were great had a few issues with our room key having to get it reset everyday, a couple of issues with the toilet and being from Australia working the shower took a little while to work out, and if the room above u used the toilet or shower they would steal your hot or cold water which was frustrating, got burnt a few times. If I go back to California, I will definitely be staying at Hotel Pepper Tree! Only 5 minutes from Disney was what was advertised, and it was! The reviews didn't do the Peppertree justice--the old spanish motiff was something that we were instantly drawn to. You can also order meals to be delivered from their menu list. Another thing is the stove was a little  outdated and you need to be careful to not leave the gas on. Room itself was very large and it was great to have a stove as well as a variety of restaurants to walk to. We booked this hotel because they advertised that they were pet friendly. It was kind of hard cooking with so little utensils and so little pots but we managed. It really was inconvenient when the small kids were running amuck past 11 pm and we were trying to sleep. Now a few downsides, the microwave was old & had rust inside & a funny smell, some of the kitchen cupboards wouldnt stay closed all the way, the bathroom had peeling paint & there was a slight musty smell like some people said but it actually didn't bother my husband and I at all. It also had a nice flatscreen TV and a balcony with table and chairs. Although, the room can take some serious update- it has the “old room smell”. Rooms were huge, customer service was excellent, everything was clean, and the bed was comfortable. The spacious room that had all the amenities that you would have to actually maintain a  long term stay were available--a complete kitchen with all the untinsils that you would need. If u must stay, request a room away from the elevators. If you just need to stay somewhere for the night and don't care about noise or cleanness then it's the hotel for you. The rooms were spacious w comfortable bedding but look very rustic and wooden cabinets were chipped everywhere and look worn down. The location is modest and conveniently located near restaurants and other stores. And they were more then welcome to accommodate me, check in was fast and easy. We will definitely look for an excuse to return to this great deal! It has honestly been one of the nicest rooms my boyfriend and I have stayed in. I’m glad I ignored the advice-givers and stayed here anyway. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, will definitely book again. The kitchen was a kitchen, but bring your own stuff because there wasn't anything really to cook with. I generally don't sleep that great in hotels but I slept very well in this one and didn't want to get out of bed in the morning. It was a big patio with a completely enclosed wall with a table and chairs, fountain, and vines growing up the wall. Our apartment were cancelled and we stay this hotel for little more than week. Medieval Times Buena Park and the Anaheim Convention Center are also close by. Spacious, kitchenette was great to have especially when traveling with an infant. Close to all the main attractions of the area and a great family hotel...kitchen fully stocked and with a balcony...best kept secret !! The private patio was nice, but the room was so dirty. I was actually quite surprised at how comfortable the rooms were. There was supposed to be a continental breakfast at the front of the hotel but I never saw it. The prices are good, and the coffee machine is excellent! The good points of this hotel are: The people at the front desk were very nice & friendly and called us after we got into our room to make sure everything was okay. For the price of $160 I excepted to have something nicer. The room was fairly nice, but the walls were so thin that you literally heard every word the people in the other rooms were saying. Surrounding neighborhood seemed very sketchy which made us hesitant to shop or eat around the nearby area and preferred to drive out of the neighborhood to dine and buy groceries for the room. We had the studio suite where we can also cook our own food. The Scratch Room was across the street and served a delicious breakfast but was very noisy! I'm not sure if it's there way of waking everyone up so they can clean the room but it was kind of rude, especially if you had a long night and all you want is rest. We were only there for 1 night The room was very comfortable The best part was the hotel staff They were excellent They gave us directions for anywhere we wanted and also recommended good places to dine All in all it was a very enjoyable stay Thanks Brian Hyland 1st of all, I will say that yes, this hotel is an older hotel that is a bit run down and could use some work but for the price, I think it's a great deal! I asked to switch rooms because I needed a room with a proper desk and chair. Save you money and find a different hotel for the price. Convenient to have a full size fridge, stove, microwave and sink with dishes and utensils. The staff is always extremely nice, and the beds are very comfortable. It was a nice hotel, beautifully decorated (Spanish colonial style) and clean. I wish they could make hotel better by new paint and new bed. I even like their self service store for breakfast or quick snacks. Nice kitchenette with cooking/eating utensils already provided, comfy couch to enjoy dinner while watching TV. It was late and we had no idea that we would find this hidden gem. We had a ground floor studio with kitchen over the weekend. The Mariscos el Perihuete Restaurant offers a wide range of popular seafood and Mexican dishes as well as freshly prepared breakfasts. There was a small kitchenette in the room that was nice. I probably would not stay again just because I can get better wifi and a hot breakfast without paying a resort fee at competitors. The only complant was no ac outside of our room. Other then that it was great for the money I spent. I love that they had complimentary drinks you can get coffee hot chocolate. When I come out to Anaheim, I always stay here. No what I expected hotel didn’t look anything as pictures indicated. Only thing I would say is that the cleaning ladies every morning around 7am-8am would walk around talking super loud. My only compliant was the surprise resort fee, bad wifi, and a very blah breakfast otherwise decent. ALSO, there was mold in the bathroom, especially the ceiling above the shower. Rooms cleaned daily and happy with local facilities if you don’t mind the homeless hanging out in car park. It is definitely an old but cute Spanish style hotel to stay in. Locals told me not to stay here—that it was known as a place families live in for weeks or months until they find housing. It's relatively quiet for a hotel,  and there is plenty of food options near by. The kitchen only caries 3 little pots and pans, some utensils,no collander, no tongs. The room was very clean and the carpet looked fairly new. Rooms need new bathrooms tubs old with broken plug holes. The staff were very nice but I wouldn't stay again mainly due to the noise level. We will stay here again when we return to Anaheim. My family and I had a great time at this stay, we loved the beds and the space was very convenient for my kids as well, great stay. In a town where the majority of visitors are going to Knotts Berry Farm, Universal, Disneyland or even Medieval Times, it is very important to be able to leave our pets in our room. I was able to call ahead and ask for a early check in. The hotel was close to all the sights, restaurants that Anaheim is famous for. Overall satisfied for the price but would definitely look around our next trip to Anaheim. The bed was uncomfortable though so I didn't sleep well there, although the pillows were very comfortable. Great take away coffee bar, more hotels need this, it would be nice if the pastries and muffins they offered for breakfast were healthier. This hotel was beautiful and comfy,  ill go back for sure. (Cobwebs above the curtains, dust, dirty carpets, blankets, under the sink  is gross and is never cleaned and in the morning I woke up to a cockroach..!! Great little hotel...but they need a hot tub and a better breakfast. The room had full kitchen including full size fridge, an oven, microwave, coffee maker and even plates and silverware and dish soap to wash them. I had a garden view which was the best part of the stay. Very spacious room and way better then a regular hotel/motel room It is very private and it feels like your own little apartment.
Never again will I allow a hotel to place me near the lobby in a room. The rooms are not up to date but that is a minor quibble. The staff is awesome and the rooms are always clean. Hotel didn't have continental breakfast instead a restaurant inside that sold grits for $4.25. There were seven of us and being able to walk allowed us not to have to use a car so we all enjoyed the evenings at the clubs. Again minor little things but they add up not enough to give a bad rating but it encroaches a little on the positives but not sufficient to cause a bad rating. Great stay - they are wonderful - but this is ridiculous that there is a minimum word count requirement for this stupid review Great, quiet bar in the evening and they serve delicious breakfast in the morning. Overall I am satisfied with the experience here st the courtyard. However, my previous stay the towels had a scent of fabric softener. Outdoor pool, fitness center, tennis court, business center, meeting rooms, dry cleaning/laundry services, multilingual staff and convenience store are a plus. The Bistro serves breakfast and dinner and offers cocktails, beer and wine. Guest rooms boast contemporary decor and lots of natural light. We travel to Myrtle Beach 2 to 3 times per year and always try to stay at Courtyard at Broadway on the Beach. 4) Too expensive for what you get             5) Can only come in through the frt door. Then had to call front desk bc people were cussing and fighting in hall at midnight. Staff and hotel was great however tons of loud and rowdy guest that were screaming and yelling till 1am in the main lobby area. 2) Nice bed          Cons: 1) Elevator wasn't working. Free WiFi, flat screen TV with HBO, coffee/tea maker, sofa, desk, ironing facilities, air conditioning, alarm clock and hair dryer are standard. My room had a small cigarette stain on the bathroom counter top (incidental of course but something you don't want to see, I.e., a brown stain on your bathroom counter). And also they used to have complimentary lotions of which they discontinued. It was close to broadway and about 7 minutes to the beach. This gave me a sense of home, but during this stay I didn’t get that from the towels. It was ok, but would stay on a higher floor due to noise. Some of the rooms are modern however the room I had stayed at recently was just a renovated one with out the modern touch. Check in representative was in a hurry to not talk to me. I would recommend this place for sure and I would return. Just very unhappy with how much we paid for what it was. I didn't like the part about putting extra $60 dollars on my card and not getting it back for 3 to 5 days. We just visited our son for his birthday, just stayed for the weekend but as always we had a great stay. 6) Its an older hotel that needs to be updated We arrived late and checked out early so I did not use any of the amenities Was also told that they were a smoke free falcility and they do not give out anything that could burn down the hotel. I try to stay at this hotel if possible every time I’m on my trip to MB. I'm used to staying in Marriott hotels so I was expecting more for my money. We had a scare when we first got into our room. There was a bug in the bathroom that looked like a roach. The only plus it was in the area of the places we were visiting. The bed was comfortable but the  television was very dated and didn't offer any recent movies. My only complaint was that I paid extra for breakfast and was not informed on the site of Expedia that it was not a continental breakfast, should have been informed of the difference. 2) Don't get room by pool-noisy             3) Some crude not dirt around tub. Courtyard Myrtle Beach Broadway is a modern, mid-range hotel located 1.3 miles from the beach at North Ocean Boulevard. The price of the room was reasonable and we enjoyed our visit there. You can walk to Broadway at the Beach and Myrtle Beach Sports Center from the hotel. Ripley’s Aquarium, Myrtle Beach Convention Center, Myrtle Waves Water Park, Tanger Factory Outlets, The Palace Theatre and Burning Ridge Golf Club are a short drive away. The flyers you see in rooms looked a little worn: you get the sense they hadn't been replaced in awhile. No indoor pool as I was expecting it to have. Said something to the clerk did not get much of a response back. The front desk helped us so much when we had to rearrange some travel plans. For the money I spent and the name I was expecting a lot more. I wished their breakfast wasn’t so expensive, it would’ve been nice to just eat at the hotel. We were both tired and just wanted to go to sleep, we had just driven in from Tampa, fl.
One person working behind the counter at peak check-in time? Matthew P was so helpful when checking in and answering all my questions and offered suggestions as well. Lazy river, water slide/park, and jacuzzi all indoors was a save. We arrive late on our first night and ended up in a first floor room. the breakfast offered is expensive but theres a coffee house style café that has baked goods and serves good coffee. I found holes in the pool surface and the floors. On first arrival, yeah the outside looks decent, but the thing that kept coming thru is that this place is all a facade. The walk to the beach was the shortest and most convenient that we have ever experienced. the hotel is showing some age but you have to expect this at the beach but all in all an excellent hotel. This unit was well stocked with everything needed for the entire rental period - dish washing liquid, dishwasher detergent, laundry detergent, liquid hand soap and bar soap, trash bags, lightbulbs and even batteries for the remotes. Every staff member I came in contact with was extremely nice and helpful. We did see some socks left in a corner from the previous guests. The owner was extremely quick to respond and our security deposit was returned immediately. Next came the live music lasting from about ten am until ten pm. The week we went was the beginning of May and it was the perfect time to go because it wasn't crowded. Restaurants menu was mostly fried food ... not our thing. Metal tubes rusting, metal pipe straps rusting, and the Submarine playarea had big rust spots. There are so many other things to do at this resort that you will never be bored. That was the theme for the week, no effort by the owners to keep up the place and no effort by staff. If you look one bit at the details, again it's all a facade. Spent only one day here, it was a great value, had nice pools and easy beach access. We asked to move to the same building and she upgraded our room so we could bee next door to our family. I have no idea how this place gets +4 out of 5 stars. I have never seen this before, and I thought it was illegal. Service in the restaurant was slow and not very attentive. I especially liked that all of the light switches were labeled so we didn't have to flip all the switches to find the one we were needing. Hotel was in great location to beach and entertainment sites. Checked in for a stay last night in an oceanfront suite we had reserved and received a free complimentary upgrade to the best suite we've ever had! The packnplay was not in the room so we called down for it and told them about the sheets. couldn't enjoy our balcony sitting practically on top of the people in pool chairs or leave it open to hear the waves. Dirty dirty dirty  We had to call daily for clean towels or for any room service needed. The first floor rooms are low enough that you can hear all of the noise at the pool and outside bar. They have an activity schedule for the week for the little ones, no activities for adults. Having that saved money on eating out three times a day. Every attraction or restaurant is about a easy 10 minuts drive. The kids loved the indoor pool areas and the outside play areas as well. Could use some updates to the rooms, but all in all it was good. The breakfast buffet at the resort was reasonable and offered a good variety of food to start your day. The only thing we regret is that we had to leave. Only complaint is that water in the shower didn't stay hot for very long. This accommodation is also known as Resort Dunes, Village Dunes, Village Dunes Resort, and Dunes Village Hotel Myrtle Beach. Dunes Village Resort is located along Route 17 and is close to Ripley's Aquarium, Myrtle Beach Pelicans stadium, Wild Water and Wheels and The Ripken Experience Myrtle Beach baseball tournaments. The suite’s kitchen was stocked adequately for a weekend stay. If you are looking for a hotel that caters to your children, this is a good choice. They never did it change of sheets like they said they would on the fourth day. The only downfall is the WiFi isn't that good but when on vacation with family apwnsing time together versus on phones is what it should be about. The room at first glance, one of the beachfront angle rooms, seemed ok until we put our bags down and looked at things alittle closer. The facilities are great for kids but the pool water is filthy, particularly in the indoor water parks. The room was pretty dirty and it had nothing to do with being at the beach. We loved our stay for Spring Break at the Dunes. Enjoy two indoor water parks featuring a lazy river and waterslides, a play pool, an outdoor pool complete with poolside cabanas, hot tubs, activities such as water volleyball, spa services and sports and game facilities. The owners have thought of everything to make their unit user- friendly. The whole place hasn't been updated in a long time and needs freshened up. The outdoor Lazy River was being cleaned, so we were only able to use it the last day but it was enjoyable. the bathroom was a nice size and had a full kitchen with a dishwasher and small washer and dryer. Water leaked from the tub badly and had rotted a lot of stuff. There was also a small playground, volleyball, and small mini golf area. The room was tidied up each day but sheets weren't changed, the carpets weren't vacuumed, sliding glass door wasn't cleaned, etc. Poor guy cried every time we got out of the water. None of the issues we saw were unfixable, it just takes effort and the desire for the management and staff to want to do better. We saw the omelette chef from our balcony go out and smoke and throw his lit cigarettes towards parked cars more than once. The condo was very clean and the furnishings were in excellent condition. We were able to get into the new room before 4pm. We loved the extra space, the larger kitchen, 2 bathrooms, etc. We had stayed at Dunes Village when it first opened, so we were aware that it had a lot of activities for children. You're  right on the beach and we had access to 4 pools. The rooms are dated but comfortable, make sure to take your own paper towels or napkins. We enjoyed the indoor water parks and the fact that they were open until 11 pm. Loved the condo because it had everything we needed and restaurants and shopping within a decent drive. Overall a good place to stay for our first visit. Ketchup was on the walls inside and outside of the room and was never cleaned off during our entire stay. Have stayed it better for cheaper with nicer people . Our stay was excellent in part because of our 2 bedroom unit we rented the VRBO. Larger units add living and dining areas, whirlpool tubs and full kitchens. I m in  a wheel chair, so I mostly stayed in the bed. For the waterparks, each building has a small waterpark, and by waterpark I mean 2 slides, 2-3 hot tubs, and a regular pool. We met family at the beach and ended up staying in separate buildings. The only issues we had were just the resort itself needs updating. Outside needs paint an internal connection between the two towers  is needed and the pools for the kids are small. We were worries he was a little young but the kiddie pool was perfect for him. Couldn’t look at the ocean, what was the difference  in being  in my own  room at home.??? i wish it was more enclosed by the rooms though! Dunes Village Resort is an oceanfront resort perfect for a family getaway in Myrtle Beach. This hotel seemed run down, and not a clean feeling. One caveat is that if you check out at 11 and want to use the pool or beach, there is nowhere to take a shower or clean up after being on the beach, I would definitely suggest making a room available to customers, so that if they need to clean up after using the amenities, it would make it that much more worthwhile to stay longer and use the amenities, instead of clients heading out to find other things to do, this would extend clients' stay and definitely a suggestion to improve. We had a king room with stove and fridge, all in working order. A laundry room, Starbucks, and bar are on the resort. We requested a room no higher than the 5th floor and were delighted to find out it was on the 3rd floor. There is not a direct door to outside to get to the pools and beach...you have to walk around the side of the hotel or through the waterpark. The rooms have a full refrigerator, stove and microwave... so bring food or shop when you get there. The hotel is situated in an ice location, quiet, away from the hustle and bustle of the downtown area. When we tried to request another room, we were denied and ended up going to another hotel. Water park was okay, but overcrowded, and the water showed it. Hotel was located not near anything, far walk to boardwalk area. Great pools, hot tubs and over all just a wonderful stay. Wonderful - it was a tues, but the starbucks in the lobby was open and it was quiet. The view was amazing and the resort is beautiful especially loved the private boardwalk right o to the beach - can't wait to go back again ! The water parks are actually pools with big slides and water play areas. The hotel does have 2 restaurants and a small Starbucks. They know they'll get a certain amount of occupancy by families just happy to be on vacation. The indoor bar was small and also featured many children. It had no view of the beach, and was crowded with children. Our kids told us this was the best one yet. We had reserved a resort in North Myrtle Beach that did not satisfy our senses on arrival. If you are looking for a more adult atmosphere, try something else. Some of these kids were seated on barstools at the bar. Hard to get past old pubic hairs in the shower, the noise of the ice machine just across the hall, and general run down condition of the resort. We asked to move to a higher room for the rest of our stay and the hotel staff did a wonderful job getting us another room on the 5th floor. The only complaint I have is about the dining on site. Starting with check in, there was a long line with about a five minute briefing on hotel rules. We were within reasonable driving distance from the places we wanted to go and is within 20 minutes of the airport. Due to our love of water activities, we decided to return even though we didn't have any children with us. You do need to have a car to get around though. The park is awesome, and our kids loved all the indoor and outdoor activities that the Dunes has to offer. We came with our almost 10 month old baby and had an absolute blast! I ask for 2 queen size beds,  and got 2 double beds. Hallway, walls, counter tops, silver ware were not clean to match the hotels ratings Most rentals we have had in the past only provided a starter kit of supplies. We would definitely consider renting again, and we highly recommend The Dunes, and also Wendi's condo. The lifeguard even set them up directly in front of the unit. The umbrella and chairs set up on the beach everyday made it so convenient. We took full advantage of the water slides, the pools and the lazy rivers. It was nice to have the indoor pools as the weather was frigid  ... would have been nice to have a connecting bridge between the towers. A long line to be sat everyday and the staff at the bar type resteraunt flat our ignored us so we left. Loved the parking garage across the street, but be careful the pavement is very slippery when wet. Located on the beach, I took morning walks which are beautiful any time of year. The musician was about 20 yards from my beachfront window. There is so much to do just on the hotel grounds. It was not much more to get the 2 bedroom this way compared to what our friends paid to get 1 bedroom units. As an added bonus, the hotel runs a program called Kid's Club, which will keep children busy and give parents a bit of a break. The water flow was non existent in our room, if you can work up at lather, it took forever to rinse it off. Hotel is clean and close to the beach with nice facilities. When I got to my beachfront room, it was on the first floor next to one of the pools, packed with children playing.
5 minute walk to the Metro and then 5min ride to Porta Nuova train station. The Hotel Valentino Du Parc is glad to welcome you in a warm family atmosphere. Some nice restaurants and a gelateria within 5 min walk. The building is located near the hospitals Le Molinette, Mauriziano, San Lazzaro, Sant’Anna, Regina Margherita,CTO,Cellini and Promea; it is also connected to the city center, the main station Porta Nuova, and the most important tourist places like Lingotto Fiere, the olimpic stadium, the Massimo theatre , the Colosseo theatre, the Isvor Fiat,the Microtecnica, the Valentino park, the Agnelli picture gallery , the cars museum , the human anatomy museum, and the anthropological criminology museum “Cesare Lombroso”.
Overall price for 2 nights was €214, in my opinion this should be priced for €100 tops. Not a huge surprise given how close it is to Gare du nord but it felt quite unsafe walking back to the hotel at night from the station. When we checked out, we were told that breakfast was actually €16 per person. The bed is comfortable and the room has good space. Hotel is located between the Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est making it a good economical homebase for a Paris stay with easy connections to the airport and other European cities between the two gares. I come to Paris my times and like to stay close to RER B. I wish I had known about this hotel before it was the best in this price range I ever stayed. This is good hotel for people who is in the budget. Very small room, shower wall was angled so not comfortable for a tall person. Bed was comfortable, great to have a safe to store our passports. Located across the road from gard du nord Sometimes noisy at night Stayed here for 4 nights, great location close to the major station and shopping .. the room was very small but clean. The airport is 30 mins away via a RER-B train (10,30 EUR at time of writing). Regarding the location (nothing to do with Hotel, hotel is very nice), if you are first time in Paris specially female, you might feel a bit insecure in some street nearby. Ladies, there was a good hairdryer (not that square thing that some European hotels have). Although, most of the staff do not speak fluent English yet they tried to be accomodating. If you are traveling with kids or alone - avoid , as gare du nord is an absolute ghetto and the area around hotel doesnt feel safe at all. Funny characters around the area at night making it not the safest. Fair, no dining room for main meals, staff pleasant and helpful , but rather a dull spot. The room had a large television and a decent sized bathroom. Ideally tucked away in a small quiet street, between the Gare du Nord and the Gare de l'Est, a few minutes from the Grands Magasins, the 3-star Hotel Appia La Fayette has 42 recently renovated rooms providing an intimate and convivial environment in a busy and dynamic Parisian district. Surrounding area is not the best but that is expected for a hotel near a train station. The room was a bit basic and small but serviceable. It was a few dollars more than I usually spend on hotels in Paris, but well worth it. I'm sure we were told at check in that breakfast was €11 per person. For anything else besides food, you'll need to take the Metro/Bus/RER somewhere else. We loved the proximity of the hotel to Gare du Nord. The area is decent for food, lots of fast food kebab shops, cafes, and brasseries, although I did see a few Indian and African places. The bath was quite high, nothing to hold on to whilst getting in and out, not safe for elderly people. But as soon as you speak with hotel staff then they will give you good advice and make sure that you feel safer. Hotel is walking distance to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est so it is convenient to travel out. Everything was great about this hotel except for its location. The famous quote from the the cheeky Arletty to Louis Jouvet in the famous French film l'Hôtel du Nord. In the surrounding are you can enjoy theatres, restaurants, the quiet banks of the Saint Martin canal, and the unmissable village of Montmartre, with the basilica Sacré-Cœur and the Place du Tertre made famous by its portrait artists. Dont expect any extras - no cotton pads no cotton buds , no kettle or teas .. just basics - wall window and bed . As close as we were to the train stations, our room was quiet. Just not a great location unless you need to be at Gate du Nord Walls are thin so can hear a person next door busting a nut . For your professional and leisure stays, you'll enjoy the direct access to the Parc des Expositions de Villepinte, to Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Bourget airports, and the Stade de France, home to the Parisian Rugby Team! Very clean and comfortable room, very decent size for Paris, and great location for Gare du Nord et Gare de l'est. Close to 2 train station, one going straight to the airport. Neighborhood is slightly seedy but good supermarket, bakery, subway, and train all within 5 minutes walk. Breakfast is a bit expensive at 16euros given the only hot items are scrambled eggs and veal sausage.. but convenient.
If there is an emergency, you need to contact the sale apartment agency. The website lists a number of amenities that do not exist at this location including tablet, international adapter, and audio doc. Issue #2, we were provided an inaccurate code, leaving us on the streets to fend for ourselves after midnight. 2) The other big problem, is that there is no front desk service at all for the building. The towels are paper thin and the sheets must be washed with industrial soap. Our entire stay was fantastic, the service and attention that we received from all the staff at Sweet Inn was simply amazing and added to the whole experience. The complimentary shampoo and conditioner are hotel size and if you need more they charge you. When I made the reservation, it was for  Sweet In - Apartments Le Marais. Overall we can't recommend staying with Sweet Inn Marais again and will definitely be using them the next time we come to Paris First of all,  the apartment that was given to us is not located in Le Marais in the 4th Arr. The buildings are obviously not 100% secure given that during the day we entered twice without a code. The apartment is small and not air conditioned so you need to leave the windows open if you stay during the summer. Would have not hesitation recommending them to everyone, they were so accommodating and helpful, felt like home-from-home. It also indicates top hotel amenities which is sort of true. Issue #3, they have failed to deliver on their promises to reimburse for inconvenience. The apartment was very clean, very close to all the metro stations. Great location but the cleanliness of the room was a little disappointing. Issue #4, we have tried calling the Paris office four days in a row to follow up, and magically Sandra hasn't been available any of those days. That being said, Sweet Inn staff worked hard to rectify the problem and ensure we were satisfied with our stay. Then, halfway into our stay, a jackhammer arrived on the street that started every morning at 8am and continued for a full day. The staff were extremely helpful and responsive when we needed help. It took some pressuring to get anything additional for the general inconvenience, and finally they agreed to reimburse us for one night stay as well as provide us with tickets to the Louvre. Most helpful was our host whom was punctual when handing us the keys to the apartment. 3 They only provided on key for the building and the apartment, This is a problem as none of the family members can come back to the apartment without the key. The location aside from the noise was perfect for walking and lots of tasty restaurants nearby. The fan that was provided is insufficient to cool you down. We all need to be back at the same time or some of us were not going to be able to enter the apartment. People drink on the street all night in front of the apartment, and the noise of the street from the nearby rue de Rivoli is so loud it sounds like drag racing. We called and spoke with the local manager, Sandra, who promised to reimburse us for the hotel we paid for the night before. It is now 10 days later and we have yet to see any of the reimbursement, however we did utilize the tickets to the Louvre. When I complained to the staff, they said that it is quite an animated area not offering any type of rebate or move to another area. We were extremely happy with the comfort and size of our apartment, as well as its location in the heart of the city. O ver all fantastic and The Sweet Inn Paris people where wonderful! We spent two hours calling several different numbers and leaving messages, when we finally gave up and walked around the city to find another hotel that we could get into for the night. The problems that I had were:  1)  No air conditioning for the apartment, it has one very small fan that is not enough for the entire apartment. When we returned in the morning, the door was wide open to the building. I'm sad to say that I would never book with them again. When we returned to the building after a late dinner at midnight, the code didn't work and the door was locked. When we arrived to our rental in Paris we were provided the wrong door code, however the door wasn't locked to the building, so we were still able to get in thinking the code worked.
It was easy to store my luggage and easy to get to the vaporetto and around Venice. One thing is, the walls are soo thin you'll be able to hear every noise on either side or over you- this made it hard to sleep at times. Room key fob was chunky so that you don't lose it. It was a bit cold in our room and the the wi fi was spotty. I would stay here again as well as recommend it to a friend! The breakfast is delicious and the coffee machine makes the best latte and cappuccino in town  I will gladly go back to this hotel and the price is very reasonable too There were some great restaurants located near by that were also tucked away from the busy street that had excellent food and service. Terrace on 4th floor gave a great view of canal and parts of the city. My only complaint was with the small size.of the bathroom. A buffet breakfast is on offer at Hotel Ca' d'Oro, while the area is bustling with taverns and inns. Be prepared to walk to this hotel, as it's in the no cars zone of Venice. Friendly staff, they helped with recommendations the internet was good and the room comfortable and spacious. I always love a visit to Venice, but this one, with a canal view from my window, made it pretty much perfect! When we arrived in Venice, it was around midnight and we tried to walk to the hotel without GPS. A great hotel for some one or a couple who just wants a clean room, convenient location, and a great breakfast to start the day with. Our room was very clean upon arrival and regularly cleaned in the mornings and made up! Out the door and left abt 70 yards is a coop grocery store, and a fruit /veg stand just beyond that. The bed was firm, and the shower was small- but not really an issue. Good location convenient to all the areas of Venice by walking Walking with a suitcase becomes annoying after you lift it the fifteenth time to cross one of the many bridges, Therefore, arrive get the water taxi to the closest pier to your hotel drop off the bag and then enjoy the city. Just not what you feel up to after a long flight from Canada or the US. And the free breakfast adequate enough to kickstart the day. Great location only making it a 15 minute walk to San Marco; wonderful experience overall. A word not usd often to describe folks in Venice. I would recommend buying an unlimited ticket for the water taxi or download the app to your phone. So be prepared to do some walking and discovering....but that's part of Venice! It is close to everything you want to see and the breakfast was delicious. We had a very pleasant stay, nice and clean rooms, very friendly staff. We stayed in this property 20 years ago is exactly like it was 20 years ago the Internet is terrible in a matter what floor you’re in the breakfast is so so not for a four star property the front desk folks a couple of them were outstanding the others did their bare minimum to do their job will not stay here This hotel is very close to the waterbus station, near the Alilaguna station,  and near the main drag - 'the yellow road on the map.' The Ca’ D’Oro vaporetto station on the grand canal, and the Giorgio Franchetti alla Hotel Ca' d'Oro Gallery are a 5-minute walk. And the directional sign on the alleyway is VERY hard to find. Some rooms in this 17th Century building have canal views and all boast parquet flooring, sophisticated furnishings, Wi-Fi, satellite TV, safe, air conditioning and hairdryer. I would say that to see Venice at its best you should do so in the summer as Venice is the rain is not such an enjoyable experience,  Of the five days I was there it rained for three of them. Not far to walk to the vaporetto, definitely recommend a vaporetto pass to get around. Go 150 yards the other way and you're in touristy area. The room was small but satisfactory considering the location which is excellent. location is not too far away from the dock and on the middle spot of venetian boat trip. The rooms are very small, which is the only thing that is not as pleasant: but when you visit a city like Venice, you only come back to your room to change or sleep! Accessible by water or land; excellent breakfast and accommodating and attentive staff! The hotel is small, but the whole point of Venice is to be outside not in the hotel. Even with my windows open all night it was quiet. Close to Vaporetto coming from and going to Airport (15 Euros) close to vaporetto going down and up the grand canal. Once you find it tho, nice place, small rooms and friendly staff. You don't want to carry it around - so you return it to the front desk for safekeeping. Nice hotel, friendly and helpful staff, good breakfast, it's just a bit hard to find. Charge of tourist tax was high, 3.5 euros per night with a blank receipt. Stayed 3 nights, water taxi from the airport directly to their door. This was a great hotel with a stunning view of a quiet canal. We had a little trouble trying to find it, but it actually ended up being nice that it wasnt located directly on one of the busy streets. The reception was manned all 24 hours, so if we ever needed help it was there! Nice little hotel with comfortable rooms and a wonderful staff. Room safe was small and it used an actual key - not an electronic card; or swipe with your credit card. The 3-star Hotel Ca' d'Oro hotel overlooks a typical Venetian courtyard in Venice’s Cannaregio residential neighbourhood, a 450m walk from the Rialto Bridge and 10-minutes from the Rialto Markets. Overall in relation to the price, I would stay here again. As i was single i got a room with one bed and it was very small yet it was really clean and the bathroom as well and definitely the staff were friendly. Concierge recommended great local restaurants.... Lovely and quiet overlooking a canal... Easy to walk everywhere from here St Mark’s Basilica and Square are a 15-minute walk and the Venice Santa Lucia train station is 1.4km away, or 12 minutes by vaporetto and foot. Guests can relax in the sitting room, or go up to the top floor for views from the roof terrace. Continental breakfast is ok, good choice of protein to start the day. Have to take a water bus to the ca d'oro stop and then hoof it several blocks. However, I wouldn’t be paying big money to stay here, only worth it if one gets a great deal in low season. If you go on the top floor the internet is great and there is a terrace with a wonderful view.
Everything was great except there were no towels on our room, a dirty wash rag hanging from the towel rack & a mans facial hair trimmings around the sink. half a block from St.Charles St.  Trollie stops on the corner and can ride it to French Quarter or transfer to bus#11 and Magazine St. I usually stay in The Quarter, but there were no openings in my price range. Saenger Theatre, and the French Quarter, are a 30 minute stroll. Have had the opportunity to stay here before and just enjoyed the quietness of the seating areas in the bamboo courtyard. Unique accommodations, rooms with two queen beds are unique, one is up a sprial stair case. room was not completely clean upon arrival, but the staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay at Prytania Park and plan on staying again on our next visit! My biggest complaint was the shower never got warm enough. It’s not right in the middle of everything but it’s just close enough. The loft gave us each our own private quarters and the location made it so I didn't have to drive anywhere. We enjoyed the location -- close to the street car but also near the Garden District which is worth exploring. I was very pleased that, upon arriving hours earlier than planned from our 12-hour drive - the staff was more than willing to set us up in our room hours early! QUIET stay, slept better than I have in a long time! Great staff; Cory was awesome (Great help with recommendations), Kristine was also very helpful. Prytania Park is a 4-star hotel located off of the Garden District. The hotel was very charming, although the rooms were quite small. Floor in room was dirty & doors of bathroom & entrance were quite dirty! Noise was not a issue but you can hear everything when the morning begins to stir. great quiet location, but the rooms are small (especially the bathroom). We requested to have someone mop the bathroom floor, which the staff responded to immediately. Had to change room due to noisy people and noisy road.Helpful staff We were on the ground floor in a smaller basic room. Love this place, comfortable, convenient to Steet car line, free parking, close to Magazine St Shopping and Restaurants. The ensuite rooms have minifridge, microwave, ceiling fans, cable TV, toiletries, coffee maker, and free Wi-Fi. It looks like the area is revitalizing - it's just in process. The fruit wasn't fresh and instead gave you a mixed fruit cup. I will stay there again when I return to NOLA! When my wife informed him of our Anniversary he knocked on the door later with champagne. The value for cost was good as it included off street parking. This was my family 2nd stay at the Prytania Park, and it's become a favorite of our. Some have Victorian décor, and all are accessible only by stairs. This was a beautiful hotel the employees were helpful and friendly. The hotel is located in the lower garden district which good news is closer to convention center where we needed to be but bad news was a little more urban than we planned for. Room was clean and unique with an upstairs sleeping loft. Only small downside was the weak wireless signals in the room, but good outside in the common areas. If you are looking for romance it has it or just a safe clean harbor in the Garden district it is one. Guests receive passes to the St. Charles Avenue Athletic Club. Looking at this hotel from the outside made me a little bit nervous as it could use some TLC on the exterior, but we were satisfied with our room when we got in. My favorite part was the bed it was so comfy cozy i wish i could take it home with me. I would recommend taking the trolleys, they run pretty much all over tourist areas. Our breakfast was just perfect to start the day, and we had no trouble parking in their own free parking lot. The carpets are very dirty so don't walk around in bare feet. The hotel has character and was close to nice eating choices. I encourage you to save a little extra and go somwhere else nicer like the French Quarter. Continental Breakfast is nothing to write home about but hey its fine. The hotel was lovely, and we would be happy to  recommend to friends in future. Carl ( think that's his name) on overnights was very helpful. It's not a 5-star hotel but it was good value for the money The only complaint would be that there is virtually no soundproofing and you will be woken up by the hustle and bustle going on in the am. Could have used a couple of more hangers in the closet given the length of stay. Comfy and cute rooms with 2 levels for our 2 bed stay Very good location, near by the trolley that goes straight to the French Quarter. The garden district is so beautiful and has a pretty secure atmosphere. Very unique design with two stories and a spiral staircase. The hotel was very comfortable and we had everything that we needed. This is the first time I've stayed at this hotel. Right off of the St Charles streetcar line, it's easy to get to wherever you want to be, but at the same time, it's a great place to come relax after a long day (and night) out on the town. It's just the right distance from the French Quarter and the trolley is close and convenient. Welcoming, knowledgeable, helpful with directions/how to get things and places. The hotel was very charming and the staff was nice. Great location, close to lots of restaurants and bars and just a short trolley ride or walk to the  French Quarter. Breakfast was a little bleak so head out to a fine restaurant for some NO cuisine. Street cars 2 minutes away or even a 25 minute walk to French Quarter. We were in town for a half-marathon, and we found the location to be very convenient. nice and cheap hotel near the downtown of New Orleans I found a cockroach in my room but the hotel staffs changed to my room. This is a quaint hotel just off St. Charles in the Garden District. While the room was a bit musty, we' expect that in Orleans. The free breakfast is a little small, but a nice touch if you just want to grab a quick bite before heading out. The staff was horrible and looked at you like you were a nuisance. We liked the 2nd bed in a loft you use a spiral staircase to get to. Our room was fine, we had a coffee pot, frig, and micro and plenty of room for luggage. If you haven't been to New Orleans , it's pushing $50 a night for parking now. Had a very nice experience and everyone at the hotel was very helpful and friendly. The trolley stop was a block away and there were GREAT restaurants all with-in a few blocks. Breakfast is far from good and only available to 9:30am. We walked to WWII Museum and to the French Quarter. The rooms were fairly musty and had an old smell to them. It a pain to drive and park not to mention costly. We had a couple of small dead worms on our bathroom floor and the floor was super sticky. The staff are always friendly and helpful, and we've always stayed in a room with an extra loft bed, which my daughter loves. The only perk is that the transportation is near by, but now a days you can just take an uber and bypass public transportation. And there's a great coffee shop right around the corner! So if you want to sleep in better be a heavy sleeper. It is an older building so the level of cleanliness wasn’t what you might find at a newer hotel, but it was clean. there was very little food offered for breakfast, but everything else was great. While not too fancy, it was clean,  comfortable, and in a wonderful Garden District location. We took the street cars to garden district and downtown and felt more comfortable in this area. The room had all the nice amenities that that they said. The location is perfect with the St. Charles streetcar just half a block walk away. We got a good price thru Expedia..   Can't complain. The breakfast was on the lean side but was a continental breakfast as advertised. Hotel is clean ,comfortable and short VERY short walk to several bars and restaurants The building dates back to the 1850s, and is part of the Garden District Hotel Collection.
Until I woke up at 2 am with tons of bedbugs at my bed. Don't put your towels over the shower door unless you want to dry off in mold. The room are so cold even turn on a little poor portable heater. Set on a pretty tree-lined street in a Georgian-style townhouse, Adare Hotel offers budget-friendly accommodation within a ten-minute stroll of world-renowned attractions like Hyde Park and the famous Paddington Station. One last important thing is they lost the water supply for the whole night until midnight but still, taking new customers without telling them the truth that there’s no water supplies in the hotel, no shower no drinking water. Guests can start the morning off with a light breakfast, included in the room price. Nice hotel conveniently located off Paddington  -  minimal amenities but good value for London The room is dirty, toliet is smelly I can smell it from my bed if I didn’t close the door, no hook in the bathroom, you can only put your towel and all the toiletries on the toliet bowl *gross* and the blanket have no filling inside. After a 4 floor treck with our luggage, the rooms was very basic but enough to tide us over. we had the choice of to double rooms, very small and scruffy with only 2 beds for 4 of us we had no choice as all the Hotels in the area we full  We paid £225 and had to sleep on a mattress on the floor between two single beds , the bathroom was scruffy and very small not suitable for 4 people Breakfast was poor no cooked option. Really very bad stay, the worst I ever had in London. Would have been tight with 2 or 3 people in he room, but was perfect for just me. Breakfast was basic toast or cereal, just enough to get going in the morning. Older Hotel, so was exactly as expected - stairs to walk, closet sized bathroom, only 1 electrical outlet in whole room etc. i just went in the front door , and then turned around and walked out. I would have appreciated some towel holders and coat hooks type stuff to keep myself better organized. Moldy bathroom, dirty room, uncomfortable bed, rude (and obviously lazy) cleaning staff. Great location for my needs - walkable distance to West End and many attractions. Tea, coffee, and a hairdryer can be supplied upon request. An endless array of dining options can be found within a few short steps, given the prime position in central London. Booking/ check in was really easy and the staff were very helpful. Adare Hotel is a little more than a 15-minute walk to London's famed shopping hub, Oxford Street. We booked this hotel last minute as other plans had fallen through. The stuff is so rude, yelling at customers and no manners at all. The front desk is available to assist guests around the clock, while free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the property. Simply decorated double, twin, and family rooms include basic amenities like a small work desk, TV, phone, and a radio with the convenience of an alarm clock. Wondering how they survive with so many 1 star bad reviews, bless you. Travellers who require on-site parking will find a limited number of paid spaces offered. Wasn't expecting to be spending a lot of time in room (busy sight seeing and going to theatre). If you're used to staying in cheap, run-down hotels, this place will still amaze you. We Booked a family room before Christmas to take our grandaughers to Hyde Park Festival When we arrived we were told that our room was gone as there was no confirmation of our card authorisation? Tv picked up all the channels however the wifi dropped in and out and the water pressure was bad apart from toast We were very disappointed and felt ripped off we mangaed for 1 night but  never again
Located in Prague’s Staré Město, guests will find it a short walk away from the Old Town Square, Prague Castle and Jewish Town. My biggest complaint would have to be the guests themselves. A very well deserved five stars for staff and setting. Very professional and polite service at every touch point with every member of the team at the four seasons. Many thanks to the concierge and front desk staff for being so friendly and helpful and the very efficient dinning staff. Al fresco dining is available for guests at the adjacent Allegro Terrace while in-room dining is also offered. Wonderful customer service, amazingly comfortable bed that I didn't want to leave behind & splendid facilities Way too many Americans and Canadians that simply ruin the entire stay. The hotel service is excellent and they put in an honest effort to accommodate everything. the hotel is beautiful and the staff is extremely nice and accommodating. I arrived late for check in and was told I lost my reservation even if the rooms were already paid for 6 days. We had wonderful time and very special ValentInes Day dinner! We did not purchase breakfast with room, rather ate sometimes in hotel and sometimes in other restaurants close by. Perfect location and views of the river, only 30 mins from the airport, we were very well looked after and enjoyed every second of our stay, would highly recommend. Rooms feature an en-suite marble bathroom, WIFI internet access and modern entertainment systems. Part of the prestigious Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts franchise, Four Seasons Prague enjoys a prime location alongside the Charles Bridge on the Vtava River. Everything you expect from a Four Seasons hotel coupled with its perfect location, near everything and yet tucked away from all the noose and busyness of a central location! Four Seasons Prague is made up of 3 historic buildings: the Classical, the Renaissance, and the Baroque Building, united by the modern Main Building. Guests were in shorts during the evening at the restaurant. The hotel features 161 rooms ranging from standard rooms to suites with interior designs reflecting the building the rooms are located. The Alegro Restaurant, the hotel’s dining venue, offers a wide variety of Italian, Mediterranean, and Continental dishes to choose from. The hotel was beautiful and clean and the hotel staff were excellent very friendly and polite and catered to all needs! The Allegro Bar provides guests with many alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks to choose from. It has a perfect location, walking distance to everything but still quiet rooms! Guests will also be able to explore the countless churches, museums, and concert halls scattered in the surrounding area. Would highly recommend getting a tour the first day so you know your way around. Great hotel in a really good location (everything is very close by) and the staff were fantastic From the moment we checked in to our  lovely room and complimentary champagne to the trips that were arranged for us to make the most of our stay. Excellent service, rooms and staff, food selection at the restaurant can be better esp breakfast In the lounge area, the Americans were yapping loudly about what CNN or Foxnews told them was important. It’s everything you want the hotel to be when on vacation.
The restaurants are expensive for what we are use to, and its the same food, nothing extraordinary. First thing we noticed was the broken shower head and lack of bathtub. At Check In I got served by the staff member serving priority guests (which I wasn't), she explained none of what the other staff I heard explain to other guests, asked for my credit card without explaining why, and generally wasn't overly welcoming. Great options, the adventure dome is always a good choice. Got too are room reeked like cigarettes (I got a non smoking room supposedly). Staff in all parts of the hotel were rude and very unhelpful. The casino was great, staff was very helpful, it was my first time gambiling, they were very nice about helping us out. Hotel itself is clean and roomy not hard to get parking and parking is free ! As it was, given the excitement of everyone for us to check out this establishment, I moved forward and checked in. The room was clean, the room spacious and in a good location! It is a short walk to the main area of the strip. Maintenance took an hour and half to come and unlock the safe which I thought was excessive. Terrible I will never stay there again, room stinks, carpet stinks, parking terrible Our plan was to stay in a big fancy hotel for 2 nights before going somewhere cheaper for another 4 nights. Lots of children in this hotel because of the theme park The ice machine didnt work on the floor and the hair dryer was broken. They provide a power cord, which is nice because there are zero accessible plugs. She told me the smell was from smoke from the casino, but it pervaded all public spots inc outside our room not he 20th floor. Bit of a walk from the main part of the strip. There's also a Big Bus stop Overall worth the money In this regard it is a handy place to stay. The only thing I didn't like was the long walk through the smokey casino to my room. Our kids (6 and 8) loved the Adventure Dome and it was good to be able to have a break and go back whenever we wanted. Our room had been cleaned but the dirty towels were left behind. We have stayed at this hotel before, 4 years ago. This is a basic Hotel with all the facilities you need for a base in Vegas. We stayed on the strip at expensive hotel before this one and though it better for us. I told hotal staff and they didnt do anything about the 2 issues. Having said this, the room was clean, and as I mentioned, it is a great price, so none of it would stop me staying there again, it just didn't make for a great experience this time around. Room is comfortable and clean but outside hotel is a maze of cheap tacky shops, dirty carpet. We had to walk far to get to our room but over all it was nice The Steak House is an award-winning restaurant and the place to enjoy prime rib or fresh lobster, while Vince Neil's cooks up mouth-watering burgers. The Las Vegas Convention Center is a one-mile journey from the resort. The towels are on the small side (and I am only 5'4) but were clean and refreshed each day. The hotel was very good, everything we wanted and great value for money. I had some concern as to the price being so ridiculously low since the good old saying of You get what you pay for was nagging at me. The room was clean, but due to the age and condition of the decor it just didn't feel clean. Close to everything bus stop right out front gives you access to strip &Freemont st. Went to the rooms and there was luggage in one of the rooms. The only good thing about this hotel is the proximity to the Adventure Dome and free Circus shows. Circus Circus is a well-known hotel resort that boasts an exciting water park, live entertainment, and Adventuredome, a thrilling indoor theme park. The free circus show was great but the venue was overfilled, you had to get there at least 30mins early to get a seat. The water park was broken so the only option was the pool and way to many kids!! Everything was good except when we were leaving the hotel the elevator was pack and only 2 elevators were working. But getting in a 2:00 a.m. from the east coast, and the burden of having to locate another hotel even though we were only there until 6:00 a.m. that morning, I had to seriously debate that issue with myself and find a way to overcome that. Since I paid through Expedia I got a 2 bed instead of one after I seen other guest getting 1 bed the room was terrible still got tv in big box really need to be updated rooms are old and we where put on kids side with no kids instead of on the casino side very disappointed The buffet sucked for the price not very good selections or food! When I booked I had asked for two rooms king size bed I got queen size bed and where they put me was on the old side of the facility just bad I mean I would not recommend it I wouldn’t go there The cleaning staff did not clean the restroom nor our beds were not done. Lots of attractions under the hotel to keep the kids happy, all without going outside the building. But had and accident in the parking and the security didn’t show up at all The hotel facilities are a bit dated, if you are looking for a modern hotel this is not for you. really confusing layout, skyrise tower rooms need updated...very old and run down looking. The carpet had stains all over and stains and scrapes all over the walls and doors. Wall paper peeling, uncomfortable beds, short on pillows, worn carpet. This hotel was a lot of fun for the kids! Reception not so welcoming valet staff not paying attention the only ones where was maintenance I paid alot more then what I expected and the quality was off The only thing good about our stay were the comfortable beds. Food was horrible for the price... circus acts were very boring compared to past acts One of my 2 kids was happy with water slide. The drinks and other food were exorbitant... seriously 4.00 for a soda!!! Despite the exterior looking old and run-down, the accommodations were good! The buffet is very expensive for this standard of hotel. The ventilation is poor so all you smell is cigarette smoke and if this hotel is geerd for families then it’s very overwhelming. Hotel is extremely dated and in a state of disrepair. I was put in a lower room with no view. An expansive arcade, casino and 40,000 square foot shopping area ensures there's plenty to do when on-site at the resort. The hotel was very clean and the rooms cleaned on a daily basis. My fiance got bit by something in the room and has been itching ever since. The plumbing must be bad or stopped up because the water wouldn’t drain while showering, we had to plush 3 times just for tissue to go down, and the water and the sink filled up while brushing our teeth. The room itself was clean and neat, could not fault it other than the odour. For a little more money there are better hotels closer to the main drag. First off, at check-in they asked us pay resort fee of $37 on top of our booked price on orbits. Checking in and out was easy but then we were in a room beside a couple with a bunch of kids and they cried all night. Do not stay if youre looking for the Vegas strip experience. Make sure you use the privacy lock on your door. We were directed to the 'registration parking' 3x even though it was full until we just parked by the empty guarded shuttle spots, just so I could get out and register while my husband circled the lot with our kids. The TV appeared new but had lines going through it. The room wasn’t vacuumed, the night stand was really dirty, and the bathroom had a terrible urine smell. A traditional buffet can be enjoyed at the Circus Buffet, Pizzeria serves made to order pizzas, and Blue Iguana provides a taste of authentic Mexican cuisine. The staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for us. For a long time this has area has been looking down at heel compared to the rest of the strip, but new buildings are improving the look of the area. The wall paper was peeling the carpets were stained, the room was very musty, I have stayed at better motel 6 and paid far less. I went to the pool on Saturday with my kids you cannot bring in snacks for your kids you have to buy from them which my children have a food allergy. We were here for spring break, my kids were so excited to go to the pool. My daughter did not want to go to adventuresome or see the circus. I have a disablity and they gave me a room near the elevaters. Escalators and walkways out of service   Homeless people sleeping near pool stairwell. It seemed the prices were inflated for the new year holiday but still reasonable, will be staying again :) There was a woman that seemed to be a supervisor driving a cart around that made me feel so much at ease and gave me a lot of info regarding how to proceed with flying home with no license, and gave me important next steps. This hotel was used for a visit to the convention centre. We also tried the Pizza place, quality is average as well compared with what we have in Australia. I got a upgraded room for a extra fee upon reaching are floor the elevator hallway looked ghetto walls being patched up a random smelly maintenance facility trash can. We stayed in the casino Tower had no hot water for 3 Days had to be moved to the West Tower the last two days we were in there we had no hot water. They did however, suggest you take the bus (very sketchy) at the cost of $8/person, and forget a cab! Great for students or families on a very tight budget but it you can afford a bit more look for a nicer hotel. It was okay, I thought I was staying in the main building when I booked online The wax museum was a good place to visit the 4D show at the end was great. Its not a 5 star hotel but it somewhere to lay ur head. The bathroom needed a shave there was so much hair on the floor and the dresser next to the bed had staples sticking out which I found the next morning when I tried to find my phone. But the problem was you can hear your next door neighbors. This is the 3rd time I have stayed at this property. We could hear our neighbors conversations and them coughing and sneezing. There is a smell in the hotel and rooms that's hard to pinpoint. The room we stayed in was not part of the main hotel, we were in building B we were told they were newly remodeled, it looked like it was remodeled 15 years ago. It is central to the old down-town part of the city, and the newer extravagant sector. Hotel seems to have a poor layout with a lot of excessive walking This hotel can definitely use a renovation, it’s a 70’s time capsule We reserved 2 rooms - one for our son - and they were supposed to be non-smoking rooms. During check-in, a customer was complaining about blood stains on pillow. As soon as we drove in to register we became worried. Couldn’t even see if it was sunny or cloudy outside. Check in took over an hour after traveling 5 hours. It was fine for one night but if we were staying more than one night we would have moved hotels. I lost my wallet on the property, and the cleaning crew and some other folks on site were extremely helpful and very kind. We also left our  medication behind in the room and when we called to let them know they said nothing was never turned in definitely will never stay here again We were on level 33 and close to the elevator and had several people trying to open our door throughout the 2 nights. The bedspread was faded and lots of loose threads indicating how old it was. Waterpark was only half operational, several amenities and restaurants were closed, and other areas under renovation looked like they have been dormant for quite a while. 2 different elevators broke down while we were there causing some anxiety about using them. It took abouy 20 min.to go down .They had more elevator but they were locked. Upon entering the building, was immediately hit with an overwhelming odor of pot. Its a nice place, i love the fact that everyone was friendly, from staff to the ppl i have met while staying there. Good budget hotel.kids enjoyed thr hourly circus and the dome When returning to the room still wasn't fixed, it was hanging from the wall where i tried to put it back together as explained to the maid i don't want to be in a fire and not be aware so i tried to fix it. Hotel has a terrible smell when you walk into the foyer. It was after midnight Vegas time and 3 am our time. The water in the shower was warm, could not seem to have a hot shower. this hotel wasn't for us as it was manic, Smokey and disorientating with far to much going on. If not for the late hour and my failure to reach him, I would have told him to pick me up and not bother to check in. We switched hotel to come to Circus Circus for 2 nights mainly for the water park and in door theme park. We chose this hotel because of the Adventuredome for the kids and it was closed the entire 4 days of our stay. Many things for kids to do Public transportation has a pickup sight in front of the hotel. The hotel is quite old and desperately needs to be refurbished. If you’re going for a real cheap place, you will get what you pay for. The staff were efficient enough with changing his room but there was no apology. The spots in front of the hotel lobby are all reserved for the shuttle or the use of their bellhops. The rooms are spacious (we stayed in a king room in the West Wing). The pool was closed at 7pm during spring break, what's the deal, people come there to play and swim. I loved the room space and comfy beds defenetly next time I'm staying again in circus circus There is a great area for the kids to play- Adventuredome. It's really set up for people with kids there were lots of them but then it was school holidays (didn't realise when I booked). The only criticism I have is that the beds are very hard- pretty uncomfortable. floor was dirty...trash was under the furniture No washcloths were provided and only 1 towel per person. Dirty rooms, dirty carpet, a/c and vents did not work,  dirty blankets..just bad and As i said very family-friendly, the kids will love it. Nowhere to buy a coffee in the evening that was obvious. Good location, still on the strip but not as expensive as the others down the road. The room was very basic and had mismatched tiles, peeling wall paper and leaking bath. The rooms are cheap but you definitely get what you pay for. overall a bit overwhelming the room was clean, comfortable and well maintained but the lobby and restaurants were not to our taste. But when we walked into his room the smell of cigarettes was almost overwhelming. We then up graded our room and were told that our room would be right next to the elevators due to my bad knee. Also after asking no less then 3 employees was also given wrong directions. We were shorted a few towels, but found the maid service to be very nice. Essentially, the equivalent of a run-down motel that was poorly lit. Walk through the smokey part of the casino and past the  mini shopping stores through another smokey small slot machine area to the next elevator up to the 16th floor. No permanent damage to me but it is eye level for a young child and that is, what I would guess, is your clientele. Hotel Room is Great, the only bad thing is it smells damp in the hallway when you are walking to your room. Two of the 3 slides were closed and only one of the two pools were open. Beware of the hidden casino costs - $37 amenity fee & $16 parking fee....per day! Over all it was nice the room was dirty upon walking in so we were charged right away. My reservation was for run of the house/room, which is basically they're pick of where they put you. There were so many people in the one pool it was disgusting. Buffet was good and if you get there early isn't too mush of a wait but it is quite expensive. Good price and good staff but beds were in poor conditions. Everywhere was crowded, smelt of smoke and there were always queues to get food. The only downside was that when they charged the resort fees there were more than I had anticipated which made the deal not as great as planned. We had a room that was connected to the other room, I think that made hearing the other room a lot more worst. As soon as we walked through the door, we were greeted by who we thought was a concierge who directed us to a desk at the opposite side of the entrance to the reception. Didn’t have too high of expectations, but the place was still nice. The bed was soft and the air con was adjustable. Was charged resort fees twice, looking forward to a refund. My stay was very dissappointing, found the room in bad shape. Been coming here for years and all staff very friendly. When returning to my room we found the fire alarm on the floor on the opposite side of the room. I saw the maid and told her what happened, she called the maintenance for me and we left the room to go play. We called down for an extra blanket and pillow twice but never received one. I think this hotel have to be updated or throw it down to make a new one. Vending machines charging $4 for bottle of water and not working. They just don’t maintain this hotel as well as the others do and it shows. I wish we could by pass the smoking areas since the rooms are smoke free and that they had a smoke free slot room where we could breathe for those of us with astma and smoke allergies. We were given directions to the room which after a half hour of walking from building to building figured out they were the wrong instructions. We came a little too early to enjoy the pool but it looks like a ton of fun. It is a short walk to the rest of the big hotels down the strip. Overall was a good location and not too bad on the hip pocket. the following day it was the same, three towels for four people, called again and requested and extra towel. Unfortunately, ours kept shorting out as soon as you plugged anything other than the lamp in. For close to the same price you can do way better hotel-wise. We left after the first night stay and stayed somewhere else. Kids everywhere, would not stay here unless you like kids running everywhere. Honestly I wish we had just gone straight to the second place. There was hair in my shower the room smelled like someone threw up all over in it was not very happy The carpet was loose and outdated, but it was clean. We got the rooms on lastminute.com quite cheap but I would have happily paid more to be in a newer hotel closer to the strip - the deal was definately too good to be true and  what we saved in accomodation, we spent in cabs. Was just the same, great value for money, rooms clean. My kids were looking forward to the pool and slides. I'd call this the Walmart of hotels for multiple reasons. Buffet dinner quality is very ordinary, mainly Italian and Mexican food. The lobby WAS DATED  and smelled of smoke and lysol, possibly mold. Bring ur own toothpaste/toiletries They only give u soap lotion and shampoo It's way north on the strip so it's quite a walk to other casinos. If we were to come to Vegas again we will not be staying here again. Pizzeria was good and vince neil restaurant was good, good staff at these two places. Good hotel walking distance to the strip and not to far from Fremont street The Windows are double Payne and probably haven't been replaced in over 20 years. The hotel is looking its age, but this to me shows it's charm, rather than the clinical look of a lot of American hotels Had only three towels for our family of four, called housekeeping was told that they would bring up the extra towel, but didn't. Slightly off the famous strip and needed to have a transfer availability. Actually my view was a huge generator right outside my window. Had to go back down to front desk and get another room, go back to old rooms to get family then go to new rooms. All of the spacious rooms at Circus Circus incorporate cable TV, writing desk, safe, hairdryer and ironing equipment. The housekeepers were very nice the next day and got us an extra. Staff were very friendly and the saving grace of this hotel. It's a bus ride to main part of strip around hotel is alof of building works and demolished buildings not a great location. They don’t open your card so that you charge to your room unless you specifically ask and it’s no easy feat to have it done as you have to go through two different sets of elevators and maneuver the Sky Dome craziness and restaurants that sit in between those elevators. From the check in we had to walk to the elevator go up to the 2nd floor. There was always a weird odor as we entered our room. I love Circus Circus and have never had a bad experience. Was probably a great place in its day, but the large hotel complex is now clearly run down and on its way out. We enjoyed our stay just wish they’re were more attractions. It was very nice just it was spring break so it was so crowded We left for dinner came back to are room reeking like weed. We had a great time and out was easy to navigate around forMe and my son who is autistic. Room was so run down and unclean, I was tempted to leave at once. We found the room on our own and it was as far from an elevator as possible. The hotel was very old and out dated hard to get around and bad food every where you went food was cold with bad service poor mans hotel in a bad part of vegas and a long way from strip not a good experience!!!!!! The room was well kept and the bed was comfortable. Other then that the beds are extremely hard and the bathrooms need new curtains. Situated on the Las Vegas Strip, the property is a 15-minute walk from the Fashion Show shopping centre. Ice machine and vending not working on floor I was on. Food and drinks cheaper and staff were friendlier - awesome for kids The drain from the shower/tub kept clogging we had water past our ankles and the water took a long time to go down. We did tell this to the check person who was more then polite and she did remove the upgrade charge. I was really disappointed this time with the service at check in and also when I called maintenance when I got to the room as the safe was locked from the previous guest. I would not recommend staying at this hotel to anyone but would highly recommend visiting the adventure dome if you have young kids. The manor room had roaches and a crusty wash cloth still sling over the shower curtain She could not handle the smoke and we checked out even though we prepaid 2 more days. They are well staffed, clean, and have a lot of fun activities available, so that you don't /have/ to leave the resort if you dont want to- and you'll still feel like you did a ton of activities! The free wifi was a welcome addition compared to when I stayed there 8 years ago. I could not reach my husband with my cell while he was parking. The staff was friendly at check-in but the rest left much to be desired. Pillows were uncomfortable to seep on and the curtains did not cover the window properly. These folks were invaluable to me in my time of need, and made the difficult experience so much easier! I have stayed here previously as it is a great price and fairly well located with a Deuce stop out the front. The carpet in the room was very dirty and they pizza we bought there was disgusting. Room bigger but the water was turned off One night for maintenance.
Guests can reach management 24/7 on a dedicated emergency number and housekeeping is provided on a weekly basis. Lord’s Cricket Ground is just one mile from Access Maida Vale, and Hyde Park can be reached in a seven minute drive. Two and three bedroom apartments are available, which come with a fully equipped kitchen including a washing and drying machine. Meals can be prepared in the apartment kitchen or for eating out head to Molly’s at Little Venice. The living room has Freeview TV, plus other amenities include ironing facilities and a safety deposit box. Just a one minute walk away, a wide range of British fare, gourmet coffee, and fine wines are available. Inside a traditional Victorian property are the serviced apartments of Access Maida Vale, which are just a short three minute walk from the Warwick Avenue Underground tube station.
Staff was friendly and courteous, rooms were nice and clean. Hotel was nice however our room had an musty oder and housekeeping was sent to check it but they only sprayed a deodorizer and it really didn't help but we didn't let it ruin our trip ever thing else was pretty good The restroom shower still had some hair and water wouldn’t get hot had to call front desk, no hair dryer also called front desk and they brought one up,  and beds had a small stain as well. I left a hair brush and I was shocked they had one at a very reasonable price. Moreover, a business center, exercise room, gift shop, laundry facilities, and meeting rooms are found on-site. The front desk staff was nice, and the happy hour was amazing. The kids loved sitting beside the fish tank for breakfast. My wife, grandkidos, and my self give this hotel 5 stars... The breakfast was very nice and above what I expected. The hotel was better than expected due to being there a week after Hurricane Harvey going through. Kidos love the pool, very clean, well kept, love the high ceilings. Food was good and bartender was helpful at a late night request for food. This was a smoking room so I was still able to have a cigarette, everything was very clean. The receptionist inform me that they did not know if our room was ready. The folks at the breakfast area were super nice and helpful and the breakfast was good. Beautifully decorated, huge rooms and a really nice breakfast in the morning I was slightly stressed with two cranky and tired kids. Embassy Suites Houston Energy Corridor is a cozy three-star hotel in Houston that is approximately a 30 minutes’ drive from Houston Hobby Airport. Night front desk - Adam was a little rude But overall great stay! Overall, I really enjoyed my stay & would recommend this hotel. The Memorial City Mall can be reached through a ten-minute drive. Only thing I would say I wasn't too fond of was the breakfast, I think they could use more healthy options. The hot tub was down, though the pool was nice. Breakfast was good they had a selection and nice breakfast area. Embassy Suites Houston Energy Corridor is just an eight-minute drive from the Bear Creek Park. So, while there were some high spots, overall, this was by far the worst Embassy Suites we have stayed at- I guess the others set a high bar- and it is not one we will return to. Upon walking in to check-in, the hotel looked great, but everything was downhill after that. The Oasis Restaurant has a casual ambience and serves delicious dishes, buffet style. First time staying here with Family and it is good for kids. Fantastic with service and very much enjoyable to talk to. The kids had a wonderful time in the heated indoor pool in January! Also bellhop request for assistance leaving was not met because of other activities in hotel. Our room was upgraded to a room with a view and the staff could not have been nicer! Only one complaint the room wasn’t to clean the sofa had white stains on it and I had to put a towel over it so my kids wouldn’t sit on the stains. Other then that if those things would be better taken care of then that would be great and this place would be a 5 star. However, our short stay for pleasure in Houston was sub-par. ), no hot water one night with no advice from the hotel staff on what to do, broken ice machine (so we had to go to other floors every time we needed ice). The only problem I had with this hotel is the parking. In the morning we left about 15 mins before breakfast started but one of the staff got me a banana for the road. I have never been there before and I am so ready to go back. You couldn’t find a better breakfast than this - anywhere!! The breakfast was just excellent and the manager's reception fantastic. I was surprised since the room was supposed to be ready at 3 PM. The location is in a great spot close to plenty of food spots and lots of shopping areas. The hotel boasts an indoor heated pool with a whirlpool and sundeck. We arrived at midnight, so it is late and we are tired. Needless to say, it was not the smoothest stay at one of your establishments. !The staff are very friendly and very understanding especially Yolanda We moved to the new room only to find out that HALF the lights in the room were burned out. We made happy hour and ordered delicious sandwich at the bar. We still got charged for room even though we didn’t stay there. Didn’t have the room I request ready had to settle for a regular room. There was a incident that happened in the front parking of the building a news truck was broken in to not sure what time if night or day but we seen the police writing a report and windows smashed on our way out when leaving hotel we were kind of shocked because it was right at the front of hotel where is so busy. Super easy check in, I parked in the visitor spaces with no issues, room was exactly as described, plunged the ac down to 68 degrees. The breakfast every morning and the happy hour in the evening were fab! In addition, each room is equipped with separate living areas with flat screen TV, ironing facilities, microwave, and refrigerator. So I had to go back downstairs and have them change the room. The only thing was parking felt a little unsafe and I think they put to have a security driving around. We enjoyed our stay, the staff was incredibly kind & helpful. We booked so we would not have to make an early AM drive to airport from San Antonio. It was too warm in the room, and we were not able to adjust the temp. Can't wait to come see our son, wife, and new grandson next month. Good: Quick check in, friendly front desk staff, clean spacious room and free late check out. From the time to check-in, the early evening happy hour and then the morning breakfast the staff were extremely helpful and polite. When we got our room, we found that the refrigerator was not working tokeep our breast milk cool so that it does not go bad. Bad: Hot tub was very dirty & the male breakfast cook was very rude. We requested a new refrigerator and th receptionist offered to move us to a different room. I felt that this type of behavior is very unprofessional. We arrived at 9 PM, tired from our drive and expecting to check in quickly since it was later. The carpets with intricate patterns, and circle mirrors give a charming atmosphere. It is close to a highway so you may hear traffic every now and then but overall it's fairly quiet. The cleaning staff, even in the elevator, were conversational and appeared to like working there. Got upstairs to the room (king bed suite) to find that there is no couch present in the living area, which is where the 9 year old was planning on sleeping! That problem we decided we could live with for the night. Shower had mole and rust everywhere worst hotel I ever stayed in. Furthermore, the Town and Country Village is only a five-minute drive from the establishment. However a front deskman during the night shift called me and my neighboring roommate at 12:15 in the morning to verify the hotels mistake in assigning the right rooms. This hotel is one of my favorite places to stay duo to the friendly staff and clean facilities. Great rate for the good quality and great service  this hotel provided. You must have a car to get around Houston so make sue you rent one. On multiple occasions the elevators smelled strongly of weed, which is not necessarily their problem or fault, but not anything I want to smell or have my kid in the elevator with. Our room key stopped working twice during our stay, the hair dryer didn't work (they replaced it), cigarette smoke from somewhere seeped into our NON-SMOKING room (you could see the smoke coming through the vents and doors! I have stayed at embassy suites many times in the past for confrences and enjoyed my stay.
Helpful staff and a great location for exploring the city. On site parking and steps from one of several Christmas Markets . Travellers can relax in comfortable chairs by the open fireplace in the One Lounge, which also features a 24-hour bar. Easy 10 min walk to centre of town at Marienplatz. A flat-screen television, free Wi-Fi, and a Hansgrohe raindance shower are among the standard amenities in every air-conditioned guest room. This accommodation is also known as Motel One München Sendlinger Tor, Motel One München Sendlinger Tor Hotel, Motel One München Sendlinger Tor Hotel Munich, and Motel One München Sendlinger Tor Munich. The Motel One-München Sendlinger Tor also offers a 24-hour reception desk and underground parking. A healthy continental breakfast is served daily, and many of the city's most popular restaurants are within walking distance, including Restaurant Dallmayr and Schwarzreiter Tagesbar. good location, clean, excellent bar drinks... parking a bit sketchy Beautiful lobby with bar, food and plenty of lounge seating. The Munich Residence, Deutsches Museum, and the English Garden are also reachable on foot or accessible via public transport. Great view to the east, short walk to most landmarks, right by metro and shopping. A stylish three star hotel in the centre of the city, the Motel One-München Sendlinger Tor is about ten minutes on foot from Marienplatz and the Viktualienmarkt.
It was out on a run so they took care of my cab! A free Bright Side Breakfast is served every day and included in each guests stay. Only stayed one night because it was close to an event I needed to attend. I checked in late in the evening and didn't really like the desk clerk. I would stay here again as it was a short drive to Downtown Dallas, Zoo, The Galleria and a nice drive to Legoland in Grapvine. Everything you'd want in a hotel costing a bit more. We went to the zoo, reunion tower, and the aquarium. Room was nice, breakfast was good and available early before our flight. I flew in to Dallas Love Field and called about the shuttle. Front desk check in was gloom with personality and I was immediately concerned about how the rest of my experience would be. In the fenced in pool area was dog crap we had to make sure we didn’t step in. The shower had great pressure with plenty of hot water. The hotel itself was in good condition and included a hot breakfast which we enjoyed! Took my son and nephews to Dallas to enjoy the local activities and stayed at this hotel. I needed access to downtown Dallas as well as easy travel to Grapevine. It was more of a ploy to ensure they got their money if Hotels .com didnt pass on payment. price was a little high for La Quinta so it better be satisfactory. Each room features either a 37 or 32 inch flat screen TV and convenient work desk, while guests can enjoy the provided coffee maker and hair dryer. This is not a safe place this is what employees of the nearest gas station told us. Convenient is an extra, the most average hotel you can look at. shuttle to airport was closed by & parking to leave the car was at the same shuttle co. Love connection which was very convenient &  for a quick bite resturants were close by too It would be nice if the sitting area and bedroom were separated by a door or wall. I would gladly stay here again when in the area Hotel was clean employees were awesome would not stay again only due to being a dangerous neighborhood. But, I informed her that I have a lot of items. Had the best breakfast I have ever had in a motel. Very clean, nice rooms for applicable price range and star rating. Just not at per of my expectation from the price we paid He was giving out free bags to a lot of guest but didn't offer a bag to me but they very well could have been Rewards members. Photos online made it look way nicer than it actually was Both Dallas World Aquarium and Dealey Plaza National Historic Landmark District are 5 miles from this hotel, while Reunion Tower is 5.1 miles away. Was clean and friendly staff definitely fit the bill for a quick one night stay The LaQuinta Dallas Love Field (on 183) is a great location for my needs, with easy to access from I35 and 183 for the trip back to DFW airport. We really enjoyed our stay but on the last night,Saturday,  there were some disrespectfull guests who were loud and rude. First time in all my travels Ive had to do that. Nice big room for for three ladies and the beds were comfortable The road construction will go away and then this will be the perfect hotel. Lot of construction going on in that general area, so the parking lot was not in great shape. Its only been open a few years and the rooms are always clean and the beds comfortable. Nice room at good price... Suite worth the extra $$ Front desk needs to be more responsive even if just welcoming new arrivals. No hot water the whole time I was there and I was there for five days Everyone was friendly at check-in, room was clean and comfortable, and breakfast was delicious! I had to go to the check in floor to get ice. The sausage, eggs and fruit were all very fresh for the continental breakfast. Would have been the perfect motel if it had not been for the road construction, but that is not La Quinta's fault. Needed a close hotel for an overnight layover at Dallas Love Field. After 20 minutes someone came up with the key card. Clean, comfortable bed and nice common areas, EXCEPT fitness room too small and not all machines working. Check out is at 12am but they start vacuuming rooms at 9am. There was stains on the sheets and a bug that went crawling across the sheets when we turned down the blankets. We called the front desk about the bugs and they said we will send someone up to change the sheets, no sorry, no moving rooms, just we will send someone to change the sheets and they dropped them off at the door for us to remake the bed. Room was large and spacious unlimited coffee  and tea When we arrived, it was 11:30 PM since we had a late flight in and just wanted to go to bed, but there was no one at the front desk to check us in. La Quinta Inn & Suites Dallas Love Field Hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and fitness center for guests who like to keep in shape. The drink machine on the 3rd floor was not working. They offer eggs, sausage, biscuits, bagels, toast bread, muffins, coffee, juice, milk, oatmeal, fruits, and waffles. It was a little difficult getting to the hotel due to construction however it was clean and comfortable. Everything at the motel was in great condition, clean and orderly. Have shuttle service just wasn’t aware u have to drive 7 min to shuttle service leave car there for $6 a day The room was nice and clean but the reason we went to Dallas was for spring break and that involved swimming with the family and chilling by the pool but the pool was dirty and hot tub out of order and nasty! Other than that we couldn't have asked for a better experience. Bed Bumpy, air conditioning sounded like Jet Engine, of course the noise started at midnight, kept hearing waiting on maintenance guy, finally moved to another room, bed still disappointing. Waffles, pastries, muffins and fresh fruit are on offer, while an all-you-can-drink coffee and juice station is also available. The hotel felt fresh so I'm guessing they just did a remodel. Front desk staff was great, beds were comfortable, breakfast had variety but overall it was not very clean. The room was larger than I expected with good work space. They held my money for 5 days before finally realizing it back to me. I asked the housekeeper on the hall if she could call and she told me to go to front desk. I go to Dallas at least once a year for family visits and leisure. I don't see any other reason to stay in this airport other then having to use love field Airport. Spacious room, very comfortable and the staff is very helpful The one or two times I stayed for breakfast I was happy with the selection and am always glad when you can make your own waffles. The room was great, the free breakfast is about as good as it gets. Situated just 5 miles from the Dallas Museum of Art, La Quinta Inn & Suites Dallas Love Field Hotel features an airport shuttle service, business center and free high-speed Wi-Fi. I’m sure it was another person and there dog that caused the problem but it was two days and the poop was still there. In addition to what has become a standard breakfast for this class of hotels, they also had hot food options and sandwiches for lunch and dinner. Very upset that I paid for my room in advance and when I checked in was required to put an additional 100.00 deposit on my card towards what they called incidentals that I would never need. The hotel had many rooms for casual gatherings and business meeting. Loved that it was close to everywhere we were going to. Breakfast was not that good and the food was cold.
Located at a ten minute walking distance from  Rialto bridge and its colourful market, Residenza degli Angeli is a bed & breakfast accommodation in the heart of Venice. Complimentary continental breakfast is served everyday in the breakfast room or guests can have it in their own room. Located behind San Polo square there are many nearby places of interest around like St. Mark's Basilica, Ca' Rezzonico (2 kms), Ca'Pesaro, Rialto Bridge and St. Mary of the Friars are within a ten minute walk. Clean and comfortable room and a good breakfast of bread, croissants and yoghurt. It's a tiny bit hard to find but everything in Venice is. This family-friendly B&B accommodation offers tastefully decorated rooms in 17th century Venetian style and offer facilities like free Wi-Fi, satellite TV and air-conditioning. Residenza degli Angeli offers free Wi-Fi in public area, free breakfast for the guests and tour/ticket assistance. We loved our stay and the owner was very helpful. This is much more of a bed and breakfast in a home than a hotel. It's a very affordable place so don't expect anything really high end, but what is really lovely is it feels like a home in Venice, it really added to our experience. Guests may enjoy traditional Venetian cuisine at restaurants located near the B&B accommodation. It also offers infant beds in the rooms at no extra cost.
Most say that you only get what you pay for but in this case I would have to say that what they charged for what they were giving you was highly inflated. The hallways were never cleaned during my 2 night stay. Informed staff the next morning that there were 3 of us staying in the room so we needed another bath towel. The room was standard but everywhere you looked needed maintenance. The check-in was easy thanks to Giovanni at the front desk. We arrived at hotel the  front desk guy was nice we got in our room and it was old(really dated) stains everywhere! Unfortunately, the airport shuttle only runs from 8am-8pm (my flight was at 6 am, but Uber was fairly inexpensive because of the proximity. This hotel room is small and the inside of the hotel was showing signs of aging. There were more than 20 Stains on the Carpet . Breakfast buffet was so-so--I've had worse and I've had better. Staff was helpful with shuttle from airport and to Mandalay Bay. Personally I would had been better off staying up all night or sleeping in my car. Was charged $30 for early check in at 1p, despite our early check out of 730a..floors were disgusting..needed a good cleaning! Bed had not been made and dirty towels were on floor in bathroom. There was no info in the room about the facility. Could definitely use an update, but it was relatively clean. There were no pictures on the walls in the rooms, which made the room feel uninviting. It seemed like they were being bothered when asking for help. We got out as soon as we could and back on the road. Staff ambivalent, seemed afraid to act on any matter, appeared afraid of GM and owner. Overall though it was cheap and clean and a good alternative if you are on a budget. The second room was missing bath towels and pillow cases. Checked in went to room, room was not ready this was after check in time of 3pm, was told that included breakfast with room was 10:30 am it wasn't it was 9:30 am so I missed out on breakfast that came with room and of course I paid for The staff was all very accommodating but this hotel could use some TLC. It was last minute the price was $80.00 we needed something fast but nice we picked Baymont. It seems several guests were having issues, several complained their card readers weren't working (out of battery...) and one guest had a broken mini fridge in their room. The hallway rugs were stained and there was garbage on the floor. Baymont Inn & Suites Las Vegas South Strip is located ten minutes from the famous Las Vegas entertainment area. The hotel includes a gym, a heated indoor pool, shuttles services to Mandalay Bay and the airport, on-site parking, free newspapers, and meeting rooms. I do give the staff props for trying their best to reaccommodate me into a new room that was much cleaner, but honestly the damage has already been done. When we came to check in, the lobby was crowded with people needed to check in, due to a cancelled flight. They overbooked themselves so we didn't get the room we paid for, the room we did get was really dirty, and the staff was terrible, right down to the manager. The carpets in the halls and stairwells looked like they had never been vacuumed. Beds were comfortable, all amenities were suitable but hotel can be little more cleaner. There was an unwrapped/used bar of soap in the shower. I told the front desk and the clerk stated that they aware of the complaints, but the owners of the hotel have done nothing to improve the cleanliness. Rooms and commons wore out, touched up, barely tolerable facilities. The rooms were clean and priced reasonably base on location. This hotel would never make $159.60 a night if not for its proximity to the Las Vegas airport. Tried to call staff from room phone but it was not working. It was off the strip enough to be quiet, but close enough to the strip to get there quickly. The room is a motel version with a little more stile. A refrigerator, a microwave and a sofa bed are available upon request. Every time I walked out of my room it smelt like cigarette smoke. People from weigh watchers had a meeting across from my room talking loud and laughing. We had a great talk on our tri to LAS. Away from craziness of Strip, but easy access to Strip attractions from bus line on corner of Las Vegas Blvd..  Nice airport shuttle. When I got to my room it was like they hadn’t finished cleaning. The breakfast was fine, but there were so many people trying to fix pancakes and make toast we could hardly get around to just get the basics. Our room had clearly not been vacuumed in a long time, the air unit was super loud, and the exaust fan was hanging out of the wall, and bonus the bedding was stained. The Baymont is a relatively new hotel in an OK area. Breakfast could’ve been better but but for price can’t complain about overall experience nothing to write about here, medium type hotel staff at check in great, had to wait 15 minutes to chewck out as there was no one there. Night desk clerk was a young man who was more interested in his cell phone than customer service. All rooms feature free Wi-Fi, a flat-screen TV, a work desk, coffee and tea-making facilities, air-conditioning, and a hair dryer. I never write reviews good or bad but this needs to be said! The room was spacious, the bed was good, the breakfast was very good (loved the sausage mixture) and would definitely recommend it. The floor was also clearly unvaccumed and the towels were sloppily thrown wherever in the bathroom. I also love that Amazon prime now and about 1 million takeout restaurants are all available from the hotel Debris I saw upon arrival was still there when I left. If the FILTHY carpet isn't a total turn-off, the DIRTY towels will surely be! After returning from dinner we went to our room to find only 2 bath towels and a stack of pillow cases that were left on our bed. We had schedule 4 nights but I quickly canceled the other three after the first night. This is the Dirtiest hotel room I have ever stayed at ! We arrive to the front desk to check in and he just ignored us...we wait for him to acknowledge us and still doesn’t say anything until we try to get his attention...his communication skills were terrible as he didn’t want to give us any information.... in our room he then calls us more than 3 times to accuse us that we were being loud and we told him we weren’t and he threatened us to kick us out because he had the authority and didn’t care if we are or not being loud! Fitness room equipment had broken controls that made it difficult to use. I was unable to walk bare-foot on the carpet or anywhere in the room. Staff was friendly and helpful, room was clean, and the doors to the rooms are indoors, not outdoors, so we felt very secure. Rooms were not as clean as they have been in the past; dirty carpet, linens should be replaced and bathrooms have leaky faucets. The whole 2nd floor reeked of weed even though it's supposedly a non smoking facility. Our second room had the window left open and there was a hole in the screen. Was a little concerned from previous reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. Have you ever wanted to stay at a dingy, filthy motel where you get the fun of not knowing if youre bringing home bedbugs after for over 100 dollars a night? The rooms were nothing like the reviews not to mention that 1 room the toilet would not flush, need I say more ? There was an excellent breakfast buffet in the morning, and wonderful indoor swimming pool which was never crowded. We had two rooms on the night of our stay. The halls reeked of pot smell (thats nice for a non-smoking hotel). My flight was also too early to enjoy the continental breakfast, but the kitchen/dining area looked nice! The Dell's offers similar food choices but not as good as  The Baymont's. Another guest waiting in line behind us said he had the same issue with his room. The inside pool was very shallow, the beds were not that comfortable, and the breakfast was the same everyday and not very good. The staff assured me that it wasnt a bed bug, but I'm keeping the pictures and videos on hand just in case. Hotel shuttle bus only runs from 8 AM to 8 PM   Not too far from the airport and very close to the rental car pick up for the airport The staff was not overly friendly, but weren't rude at any point. The elevator has a very earthy aroma of urine, sweat and vomit. Didn't check out pool but it is open 24 hours. Not too expensive and fancy, not too cheap and disgusting. Guests are treated to a free continental breakfast, which includes cereal, fresh muffins, pastries, bagels, fresh fruit, jams and peanut butter. One staff member cut in front of my wife to get her own food for her breaktime. We had my adult daughter and our 6 year-old grand daughter with us. The hotel bed was uncomfortable and sagged in the middle. This hotel is right beside the airport and was loud. The manager was rude, and the maids have thier children at work with them. The only downside is the rooms could use a paint job and the hall carpets a good cleaning but it wasn't that bad. He said someone would bring towels and pillow cases to the room. Room was not ready when we checked in at 6pm. Once you enter the elevator in the lobby, the filth begins. Comfortable room and exactly the amenities I was hoping for. Our lock on the door was broken upon check in and we were told Sorry, we can't switch your room to a safer one for you and your kids. The place was nice, well located not to far from the strip and newer property. Well If that's what you're looking for, look no further. Had to be extremely quiet the whole stay because we didn’t want to get out! We walked around with shoes and careful about what we touched in the room. Walls very thin, heard the barking dog across the hall all night, the crying woman next door, and the kids running up and down the hallways constantly. Room 1 had dirty towel and bathroom floor found upon check-in. The refrig had food left over from the last occupant. Called front for more towels was told if we needed more than we need to come get them. Breakfast was no better floor and everything else were filthy. The carpet was dirty in the room and the hallways. I'm a local in Vegas and booked a room for some family that was visiting. I'm still actually pretty mad this hotel has as good as reviews as it does, when I checked in my sheets were not only clearly unchanged recently, they were covered in crumbs and stunk. As you entered the front door you were greeted by dead plants and litter among the plants. Hotel by no means a five star but was comfortable close to airport, restaurants and shopping. The eating area was also very small so it was hard to move around and get your food as it was super crowded. We had to ask for wash clothes in one room. It would have been more bearable if the AC/Heating unit had a fan that stayed on and didn't go on and off every 15 minutes. Anyways, overall I would rather pay a few extra dollars to get better service and a more comfortable stay, the price was ok but like they say you get what you pay for! Ok hotel for the night but uncomfortable beds, kind of run down, unfriendly check in person, breakfast starts at 730 which is pretty late and shuttle stopped at 8 which is pretty early....clean though so they had that. Not that it was dirty but I think it needs detail cleaning from hotel hallway to room bathrooms. Expedia should remove this hotel as an option from their site. I really felt the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Baymont Inn & Suites Las Vegas South Strip is within walking distance of Las Vegas Premium Outlets and an eight-minute drive of McCarran International Airport. However, an addition towel was never brought to our room. I am sure that what ever cleaning staff that they have would had picked up on something like that and if so why wasn't that fixed before hand. The bathroom floor was dirty with muddy shoe prints upon check in. Hotel seemed ok, however 3rd floor  reeked of pot as well as our room. Honestly I had been driving all day that day so I just sucked it up at first. The tipping point, though, was when I woke up greeted by a bug in my bed. Restaurants within walking distance include Chili’s Grill & Bar, Bootlegger Italian Bistro, Rocky’s Philly Cheese Steaks, Outback Steakhouse and Smashburger. This property is NOT worthy of a review, but rather a REMOVAL for your hotel list!!! It wasn’t too far from the strip and not too far from Henderson. The key to the room you had to play with it to get it to work. Allowed me to drop bag for the day before check in and accommodated late check in. They don’t have a computer but he made sure we could get our boarding passes. There were mirrors behind the beds where a beds headboard should be. Except for one very nice Lady I think she was management she actually helped me with something I had asked the front desk for the day before. They called hard boiled eggs floating in ice hot breakfast. It had been cleaned but not good or just so dated it couldn't be cleaned well . they didn't tell me the hours of breakfast so I missed it thinking that was until 1030.
There is a fitness centre and a laundry for guests’ convenience. About 300sqft with a pullout sofa bed, as well as an extra pullout from the bottom. We were made welcome and the staff were very helpful with local knowledge and advice The mobile television in the room was great; guests can easily change the direction of the TV. Grocery store and pharmacy were a couple of minutes walk which was very helpful. The room was clean and the decor modern and slightly quirky. We couldn’t open the window as they were sealed to reduce the noise from the train lines just outside the window. The front desk is open around the clock, and business services are available along with print and copy services, which incur charges. Unfortunately the room was very hot at night even with all the heating turned off. From most attractions we could take a taxi back to hotel between 12 to 17 euros. Staff was very helpful and lot many restaurant in the vicinity. Told us we should not even expect this on the day of check-out! Novotel Suites Paris Expo Porte Versailles is around 45-minutes’ drive from Charles de Gaulle airport and around 20 minutes to attractions such as the Eiffel Tower or the Louvre. The location of the hotel is very far for those travelling from CDG airport. Guests are able to choose from a range of differently sized suites with features including tea and coffee-making facilities, kitchenette benefiting from a fridge, microwave and sink, minibar, air conditioning, soundproofing, lounge area and flat-screen television. Smoking is prohibited throughout the property and free Wi-Fi is offered to all guests. It didn’t completely eliminate the noise but at least during the night the trains stop. Was a bit far from the airport (taxi cost to Charles de Gaulle was 62 euro but because the escalators in the metro stations don't always work and there are numerous steps, it can be challenging with luggage). Enjoy a drink in the hotel’s two bars or visit a nearby restaurant such as Au maréchal brune or Relais H. Breakfast is also offered to guests. Nearby metro, tram and bus stations was an added advantage. One thing i disliked about this hotel was that they did not offer room-service. We took taxi from airport to the hotel and it is around 30 euro. Novotel Suites Paris Expo Porte Versailles offers recently opened accommodation in the heart of Paris. Rooms were very nice and comfortable, clean and safe.The train station is just across the street so easy access to the metro, takes about 20 min to all main attractions. Staff was very nice, courteous and helpful for almost everything, except they were very reserved in giving extra coffee cups or coffee satches. Good breakfast at a very reasonable price with hot bread and warm pastries.
Miami Beach Golf Club can be found 5.5 km from this hotel, while The Bass Museum of Art is 5.8 km away. The hotel is perfect, very spacious, clean and well kept  apartment with ocean front view it's really breath taking, friendly staff... Example:  The dishwasher leaked water over the floor, and we complained. After several complaints we were given a new handset, but nobody in the management came to install it as we had big problems in trying to make it work. The light, air conditioned rooms boast a living area with a flat screen TV and a coffee maker. Some rooms provide guests with a kitchen and an outdoor balcony. Service is excellent but this is an old apartment building (I think) which they've turned into a hotel, which makes it quirky. One of the oven plates stuck in the ON position at full power because the spring in the control knob would not automatically return it to the OFF position due to a build-up of dirt and grease inside - potentially dangerous if we hadn't noticed it! I would recommend a unit with a balcony/ ocean view. Featuring beautifully designed interiors and sea views, Miami Vacations Corporate Rentals - Monte Carlo is positioned along the beach just two kilometres from Normandy Shores Golf Course. At one point a nice lady from the management company arrived, the housekeeper, introduced herself in fluent Spanish but unfortunately for us she had a very poor command of English but eventually got the message across and she fixed some small problems, but the most important problem - the phone - was never fixed. After a while however, we noticed that there were problems with some of the equipment. They asked for a late check-out - they confirmed it to us. Having the heating/AC unit inside the apt SUCKED with all the noise it caused throughout the night. When I booked, they only had a street view avail- All of these units have very small windows with no balcony. The good points are the staff are extremely friendly, helpful, and outgoing, the view was incredible, the beach attendant went above & beyond, washer/dryer (even though NOISY) was a giant perk, walk in closet, local shopping, chairs/umbrella included, & with all above issues, the room was still nice - I am just giving an honest review of my likes and dislikes. Guests will be able to self-cater in their own apartments, while there are a number of off-site restaurants within walking distance from this hotel offering breakfast, lunch and dinner. There is also a fitness centre and free Wi-Fi on-site. This is the second time we have stayed in Monte Carlo, never fails to get it right. Eventually after 2 days it was fixed very effectively by the on-site staff who discovered that it had to be replaced. General impression: Wear and tear of old equipment was not remedied before new guests arrived. The room however is average, cigarette burns on the furniture , cheap bed and no furniture on the ocean front patio . But on the day of departure they forced us to leave much earlier. The living room having 2 WALLS of WINDOWS needs black out / room darkening shades installed. The accommodations tries to present a sleek / modern feel, but not very functional, which is fine, if you are looking for that. The couch cushions would fall behind the couch, as they were not attached & with a wall of windows left a lot of room for injury (which did happen to my 5 year old). We could not get the phone to work and our friends to whom we had given the number could not contact us. Much time wasted dealing with owners when we were supposed to be enjoying our vacation. I wouldn't recommend this place if you like to have maid service as its not offered. You can't run a bath without having to walk in the tub to turn on the water & fairly impossible to bath a child. You have to walk through the parking garage to get to the pool and beach but both are excellent and well maintained. Eventually we discovered that the line was in fact DEAD, so we gave up. Guests staying at Miami Vacations Corporate Rentals - Monte Carlo will be able to relax at the outdoor pools and sun terrace, while there is quick and easy access to the beach. We arrived at the property and were happy to find that it was just as we expected from the brochure. The room could've used a paint touch up or wipe down the marks with a Mr. Clean Magic eraser, have housekeeping needs to clean around the faucets, as there is gunk and build up galore.There is construction at the next building which did cause noise and an eye sore, and there was an eerie howling/whistling noise that would occur every morning in the hallway. The room was great for me my wife and two kids... Staff friendly and cooperative... Makensure to bay the basiscs for the time your vacation last.. The kitchen faucet, while looks nice, would give you a shower when you did dishes. I will stay the same place if I revisit Miami If anything happens they keep telling you you must call another number...
Value for money is excellent, some great deals can be had here. I paid under 30 bucks and I dare not complain. Tip - avoid booking shows at the Luxor in advance, they always have loads of cheap deals the day of in the lobby. They did send a fan down and someone to fix it but all he did was change the air filter which we noted had a date on it from SEPTEMBER (it is now March). I think a 3 star would he complimentary to be honest. You wanted to charger me $20.00 a night for a refrigerator. Very pushy and rude and we didn't appreciate it given we hadn't even checked in. It can also be noisy in the pyramid at night if there is live music playing below (but it never goes too late, thank goodness). We left a note to the house keeper that there was 3 people in the room and we needed 3 everyday not just 1 or 2! Only thing was the hidden cost, which I do not remembering reading when I purchased room. On the bright side, the room was large & comfy. This hotel exceeded my expectations, I wish I could’ve stayed longer and will definitely be back! Some things I appreciate are extra pillows, coffee in the room and complementary breakfast. Just know I’m glad to do a lot of other things. I like the Luxor, and so do a lot of other people, because the line to check-in is just like at an airport. I stayed a couple of days after a trip to Sedona. This room could have been from a no name highway motel room and I wouldn’t have known the difference. She didn’t explain the food options or in room dining. It just seemed a little impersonal to me because of the massive size of the complex You got the impression that it was not a priority at this property. I will also tell everyone I know not to go as well. Luckily we're not as green as we are cabbage looking and were able to tell them we weren't interested. I was surprised to find fewer amenities in this hotel Vs a Super 8 hotel in Nebraska. I wanted to shower and go out but couldn’t without an eta. There were cracks in the tile, so it looked really bad. High point was the room service that sat on the tray in the lift foyer for two days. The nasty camp cover that was put on the bed needs to be thrown away and replaced with something better. My pet peeve would be to please update the room in the Pyramid to match the newer tower rooms on the property. Finally my wife and I were interested in attending a show at the MGM and on our way to the room were snagged by a team of individuals who were offering 50% off tickets. We loved it, cant fault the hotel really apart from the price of anything you buy inside the hotel is triple the price but thats the same for all the hotels. Room smelled musty, ac didn’t work, and when it did it was horribly loud. I only good in my trip was that this turned me off so much about Vegas that if caused me to explore four nearby National Parks. Location is at the end of strip but free tram is convenient to Excalibur. And briana who worked for an outside company but was in the hotel at the desk across from the buffet was absolutely amazing. Interesting venue with good shows on offer, however there are better hotels for the price tag. the hotel meet my expectations and the staff when required where really helpful. We were woken up numerous time throughout the night because of someone throwing up in the room next to us and we could here it clear as day. We were expecting alot more.. White fluffy towels would have been nice No in room amenties such as tea & coffee Rooms need a good make over When you’re at the 3.5-star Hotel Luxor in Las Vegas, in the middle of the iconic pyramid full of outrageous shows like Blue Man Group, Carrot Top, and Fantasy the possibilities are endless. The gym was pretty decent, outdoor pool was under construction. We stayed at the Luxor for 3 nights and could not have had a better time. The Luxor is a very basic hotel in a good location. Even though Luxor is an older establishment now it still stands up very well in comparison with newer places. The only large downside to our stay was the apparently friendly hotel staff offering cheap show tickets. A bit far from the middle of strip but transport options are available and affordable. I honestly wouldn't recommend the Lord is anything that MGM is crazy friendly. Also to be noted, almost everyone (excluding 1 person) got a weird body rash from sleeping in the beds. We paid anywhere from 6 to 8 dollars for a 20, oz pop. I was a bit disappointed as to how thin the walls were. Lovely place to stay and HUUUUGGGGEEEE - first time visitor so didnt know what to expect - you read a lot but dont expect the size on the place. Secondly, the room had a strong smell seemed to be related to a carpet cleaner to something designed to kill a smoke smell, if I had not been so tired I would have left the hotel. I’m not sure if it was from the detergent they use or what but we were not pleased and everyone was on Benadryl by the time we left. The run of the house rooms were just that run of the house. The air conditioner ran constantly and there was no way to set the temperature in the room. The first room was not acceptable as the air didn't work, but they moved us to a refurbished room in the tower and it was perfect accept there was no fridge. My son loves how the halls and the rooms looked from upstairs. Didn’t try the food in the hotel we where always out and about, The staff was really friendly, rooms where clean . Make sure you acquaint yourself with a map of the venue and which exit is North, South etc as you may need this if you book tours and they are picking you up. we did not take advantation of the included breakfast to our reservation, because the brunch on the weekend was priced too  high. Somebody left the gate open to the trailer park no doubt. We were accosted as soon as we walked in the door with our numerous bags and basically forcefed crap about cheap tickets if we go to a time-share presentation. Disappointed to get charged approximately $30USD for an 'amenity fee' when all should have benn paid for when I booked on line If you are after somewhere cheap just to put your head down then the Luxor might do but if you are after something a bit nicer then look elsewhere. if you want any supplies/gifts then go to one of the hundreds of shops outside on the strip where prices are much better. First class all round thank you all, keep up the good work. The casino was ok and the restaurants were pretty good. Need more convenient self parking which would make the check-in process less cumbersome currently there is not a convenient way to park check in and get your luggage to your room by yourself there needs to be a laying outside designated for check-in so you can leave your car check in and then Park The rooms are really dated and the bathroom was not comforting. The Luxor was good value for money but a little tired in its decor we had a deluxe room but the shower head was not fixed to the wall and there was no fridge or kettle in the room. From Rick, checking us in, to Marsha in Concierge, who printed out our airline tickets, everyone was friendly, knowledgeable, and outgoing. The $34 a day “resort fee” is a bit ridiculous, especially when the pool is under construction. The biggest complaint I have with the resort isn't so much the hotel.... but the clientele they have a guests. Had an excellent experience the staff was very helpful and kind our room was nice and clean Good restaurants in the complex and staff and concierge very helpful. I got the run of the house when i booked it and didn’t expect for them to put me in a pyramid room that was also a plus. A small fridge would have rated a 5 star review, but we were comfortable! It was a great hotel with everything you could want and need. Every confirmation I received had this info on it: 1 King sized bed run of the house room. The Room was very spacious and had nice lounge area for guests, also the room was quiet overall it was perfect for me as I was able to have business meetings in my room as it was so impressive and with lots of room. Coffee will cost you $17+ for 32oz of coffee and 1 cup, if you want more cups it costs you $4.50 each cup! I ended up doing it but I booked it through front desk from my room the next day. She didn’t discuss what the amenities were or where they were located. Staff was friendly, room was good to go, amenities were great! And some juice bar wich was a plus for me. I choose to stay at the Luxor because of price and I've never been there. I stayed here for one night as I flying from the Las Vegas Airport to TN. There is no security at the elevators like the other resorts and I felt a bit uneasy walking late through the main level on my way from nicer places. Only one complaint, the shower was pathetic, it was like being sprayed with a high pressure garden hose, it literally stung, no adjustment could be made. We were harassed at least 4 times a day by staff trying to give you “free tickets and free slot play” which was a scam to talk you into a timeshare presentation. The shower was  broke and could not get it fixed. We found chocolate engravings on the couch which looked similar to human fieces. The first room was a luxury tower king suite which was huge but the cleanliness of that room was not good. Probably would look for something more central another time but on the whole fairly satisfied. They also have this parking pass for $10 bucks that lets you park in all the MGM property hotels . We were in the slots gambling and when you gamble you have free drinks at the waitresses were bad at service they would skip us on purpose. Having previously stayed at this hotel a few years ago, I was very disappointed with it now and will NOT be staying there again in the future. Mistakes happen but it’s how you rectify them that makes the experience. I have a handicap and requested a room close to elevator and did not get it. But the stench of the cigarette and cigar smoking is still my clothes a week after we left..... For paying as much as we did, we should of had a working pool, or they should of had that in the booking. The rooms where old and ran down my room was right next to the hotles elevators so all night and morning I kept hearing the sounds from the loud elevators my room was never cleaned by the hotle house keepers durning my stay overall j would never stay here again ! There was a large strip of wallpaper one inch wide and 3 feet long hanging loosely off the wall. The best thing about this hotel is the decor & the Criss Angel mind freak show 10/10 However The whole back and forth from check in took around 3 hours of my time. Plus $100 refundable damage deposit which I haven't seen returned yet. Nice hotel but needs some improvements like tea or coffee in the hotel room Multiple bars on the 120,000 square foot casino floor will shock your senses. I got a double queen bed and a nice view of the parking lot of the Excalibur. But the hotel was great with everything we needed and although if i went back i would want to try one of the others just for the sake of trying them we were very happy with what we got. Some of the doors needs to be repainted and the bedding needs to be updated with better sheets and comforters. Pool was pleasant but the surroundings could have been kept tidier and only one of the two pools was open for some reason. Mold in the shower, raggedy walls and elevators, hole in the wall..... Very nice room, comfortable beds, handicap bathroom was not needed. loved our stay in the west wing ‘ went to the show Fantasy also very good ‘ don’t really need to leave hotel all in-house you need ‘ Just use urber to move around other spots ! Friendly staff, nice clean room with easy access to tram. The shower head was not fixed to the wall in the bathroom and no fridge or kettle in the room which to people used to European standards is puzzling. With it being 85-90 the days we were there the pool area was very crowded. I wouldn recmomend anyone staying here based on the service (or lack of) that I received. Love the amenities and staff is overall helpful and friendly. Along with a Race & Sports Book, betting arena, with plasma TV 's provide entertainment. Its at the end of the strip but i like how it connects to 2 other hotels with out having to go outside. No coffee machine no microwave  no refrigerator and the rooms was supposedly remodeled didn’t look remodeled Excellent stay,  the bed was amazing better than my own. It is towards the bottom of the strip so expect a bit of a walk to the popular attractions. The room was still warm but at that point all they could do was switch our room and we didn’t want the hassle of moving everyone on our last night. We changed rooms on the second day for a higher floor room which was no trouble for the staff member we spoke to. I was told to wait in the room until someone bought me a new key which took around 20 mins. The casino staff are not helpful , the people in general in the whole city are mean. During the day the rooms got extremely hot even with the A/C on full blast. Instead of moving rooms again we decided to stay in the room and leave the aircon off. Our room was huge, with a beautiful bathroom, that was perfect for my dad and his needs to manoeuvre it and out of the shower! While the staff were friendly, courteous and responsive ... the overall cleanliness of the rooms and public areas were fair at best. Beds very comfortable, room in good position near the lifts but the decor is tired. The thing I was disappointed on was the pool was not fully functioning yet had to pay resort fees and complimentary boarding pass computers and printer was out of order thank goodness for fantastic helpful staff especially Stacey who was helpful in getting our boarding passes downloaded and printed she was patient and helpful I was expecting excellent service in the front desk was very disappointed. The hotel was a dream, however the resort fee charge is extortionate, we were not expecting to pay a large sum of money on arrival after a 24 hours journey, especially when I paid over £1800 for the trip. Easy walking distance to Excaliber and Mandalay Bay and near to the airport. It's Vegas, not in the room enough to make a difference... Everything you need in one place and easy access to other casinos without being overwhelmed. clean but outdated,wall paints and furnitures  are chipping, not enough shampoo Took to long on the phone to talk to any hotel staf My disappointment began there and continued every time I walked in to our room and saw the double beds. ,....ufydtxfzfzgzfztxtxyxtxyxyfigig HV fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. Bathroom amenities are cheap, holiday inn has better soaps and shampoos. I didn’t win at gambling but I normally do not. So the hotel itself was nice in regards to food options and the casino. I was initially checked into a room that wasn’t made up and extremely dirty. The people in the casino were patient, and nice when she was learning a new game.Great location, and great rooms. Staff throughout was very helpful for a smoking casino air was really clean well ventilated I suppose it is supposed to save water or something, this seems pretty dumb considering how much water can be used (wasted) in the deep bath. This place needs upgraded rooms smells like smoke, wall paper falling off, carpets dirty, elevator has dents on them overall crappy hotel. It seems that the motto is you breath you pay. I did find the pyramid room (while a fun place to stay) lacked some of the more up-dated amenities of the tower room I had on a previous visit, so go for the latter if you want fridge, tea/coffee facilities etc. However, it's a fun place to stay, and you can walk through to Excalibur in one direction and Mandalay Bay the other - or take the little monorail the links these hotels. The hotel wasn't to bad, but the staff are not helpful, mean at times. I wrote to my hotel and didn’t receive a response. beautiful  hotel and excellent customer service, My family and I enjoyed our time there! The hotel is older, but the facilities are great and the Egyptian theme is very well done. The best experience ever and love the casinos,food.music... the pool was beautiful and wonderful The Luxor is in a good position if you are a good walker as its at the end of the strip we were there for a wedding in the Mandalay Bay which was next door so it suited us very well. Yes it's impressive to look at from the lobby but the rooms are tree rondo and no way worth what we paid. You need to buy everything from shopping area after staying in a long queue. The maid staff did a nice job of cleaning up. Anyone who's been to Vegas knows water is mandatory and cold water is fantastic. The only time you felt comfortable and welcomed was with housekeeping and at the buffet. Not all desks were manned to assist with the influx of guests. We had to call for enough wash clothes almost everyday! If you drink the beer bottle that they don't have a big selection of are 7 or 8 dollars, mix drinks are anywhere from 15 to 19 dollars! I paid $15 additional and was sent to a tower room. Plenty of space and a good position not far from lifts on 9th floor. It was way to much walking from the room to the very first slot machine. It had good shows and exhibits but the smoke smell was horrible. Two-thirds of the pool was out of action which was extremely disappointing! The floors were not swept but once in 6 days, and they never vacced the carpet once! I really wish all of the pools would have been open. Bar staff was rude ... everydrink we got from the bars was flat and nasty. Needs updating to bring to std if newer hotels however very comfortable beds the shower needs clearer hot and cold water indication and plugs on a desk to recharge phone etc as was hanging in a corner or on bathroom counter. 2 out of 3 pools down worst hotel rather stay at a motel 6 It was much less than the resorts north on the strip. The bed was one of the best i have ever slept in, so comfortable. For the most part, wait staff was quick with beverages while gambling. ....................  ........ ......    ............................    .. ............ The rooms were large and clean,but the shower fittings are a bit old and didn't work well. This was your typical time share strategy which I quickly recognized however since it was conducted at a booth within the hotel I was extremely disappointed the hotel would subject their guests to a deceptive marketing practice. And when I asked about late check out she made it seem like it was an inconvenience for her and like I couldn’t afford it. Enjoy fresh, tasty and healthy Asian fusion at Rice & Company or please your palette with a selection of the most impressive steaks at Tender Steakhouse. We ate at the buffet which was an everyday normal buffet, but good. The tower rooms were very good, and housekeeping was great. The second room we changed to was a king pyramid suite room 28121 had a really bad musty smell coming from the aircon. And the lady who helped us was not very informative. We had a great time staying in the hotel tea or coffee machine in the room would be good for a drink first thing in the mornin When I arrived, the front desk quickly booked me in a double queen saying the King room was not available offering me no other option other than a double queen. I feel like Ive been smoking for my entire holiday even though Im a non smoker...       Yuk. The room itself was in the east tower and was recently remodeled. It’s convenient to all attractions and close to the airport side of the strip. Pool area was nice but pools which are only 3 foot deep are a little disappointing to me. The hotel has plenty of good eating places, the Backstage Deli is fast and efficient and good value, not so keen on the buffet, but other eateries were excellent. On arrival, I found very noticeable strands of hair in the shower. It's very dated and no way worth a 4 star. We had to go to another hotel in order to hear music and enjoy the energy. The new room had a broken Tv which I had to wait for a maintenance person to repair. At check in I had reserved a room with a king bed and view. No coffee tea bottled water in rooms aspechsley if you a diabetic sickly and elderly. Dined in the Buffett restaurant to which the food was good. When I reserved my room I requested a king sized run of the house room. The rest of the people in the Casino were great! I took a few glasses of water to flush out the hairs which caused all kinds other sediment and goodness knows what coming out of the seams of the surround shower. I selected the Luxor because they had a good deal on the room and I didn't know any better. She was very nice even though it was pretty busy. Rooms in main pyramid are more basic than the suites in towers.
All apartments feature a fully-equipped kitchen, separate dining area, and a relaxing living room with a flat screen TV and DVD player. Situated near the Millwall Inner Dock on the Isle of Dogs, Elite Apartments - Denison House boasts a fantastic location within walking distance of Canary Wharf. The bathrooms come with free toiletries and a hair dryer. Central London can be reached in 15 minutes via public transportation. Guests can dine at nearby Byblos Harbour, specialising in upscale Lebanese cuisine, or Pepper Saint Ontiod, featuring pub-style dishes. Each of the modern apartments boasts a balcony with city views and free Wi-Fi. Elite Apartments - Denison House is located within walking distance from Greenwich Villlage, and a short tube ride away from the O2 Arena. For drinks and incredible views, guests can visit Tompkins’ rooftop bar. The reception offers concierge services, shuttle arrangements, and luggage storage.
The hostel is attached to a pub with good food, so that's a plus. Pay one pound more and stay in the other like YHA oxford or Paddington. The lady in the ckecking desk said my driving license is fake and she refused to let me in ,, after long time I gave her my taxi license and finally let me in . Stayed mainly during weekdays and had the room for myself most of the time. The bed was comfy and the shower/toilet area clean, although the shower holder was broken it was useable. What really made the stay was the friendly, helpful staff, especially Lara, and a great atmosphere. It was basic accomodation which was ok because of the low price paid. I called them around 10:55am in the morning, I haven't slept there, I gonna give the key back. Delayed flight, wanted to cancel but I had to pay for two nights even that was plenty of rooms were there, mostly empty. The area is central and if you forget a phone charger or locker padlock, as I did, there is a shop just across the road. She was angry on me and I said sorry again and again. Alternative dining choices in the area include the Brasserie, The Mughals and Bizarro. Downside would be it's kinda noisy at times since it's right next to main road and train tracks. Accommodation options include shared dorms for four, six or eight guests. The old lady was there who is in reception she was anygry on me, I didn't sleep there I just booked other hotel nearby, 6 beds domitory looked like a jail. Double and twin rooms with private bathrooms are also available. The Pride of Paddington lies within walking distance of attractions such as Hyde Park, Notting Hill and Covent Garden. All guests enjoy a complimentary English breakfast with additional meals available at a discounted rate. As the breakfast was included in the price i was surprised at the quality and the amount, totally filling and great value! Was a bit hot/humid in the rooms so a fan would have been nice. Located in London’s West End, the Pride of Paddington offers dormitory-style accommodation above a busy gastro-pub. Toiletries and towels are included, which is rare for hostels. Other facilities include a common room, secure digital entry with CCTV, flexible check-in and check-out times and tourist information. Good cheap place if all you need is a bed All guests benefit from clean and comfortable accommodation with 24-hour hot showers, free linen and towel hire and private lockers.
I like this hotel ..it may be a bit  tired  in it's room facilities  but that's reflected in the reasonable rates . The hotel is dated but was clean and the service was good. The staff were pleasant and obviously do their best to keep this quaint, ‘tired’ hotel working as efficiently as possible. It has a roof... Thats was probably the only good thing about the hotel Although the fault was reported no one came to the room, maintenance just turned the power back on at the fuse box. Bathrooms are tiny and showers are even tinier...and can be awkward. When they did have a room, it was room 301 hidden behind a fire exit door with a stair case that had the lovely aroma of fresh smoke. Just a response of ‘maybe you should have read the reviews first’ Please don’t book this hotel Overall, the hotel was very good and we would recommend to others. Would I recommend it...probably not but overall I would say it was a satisfactory stay. The drawback was the age of the room (the curtains could be cleaned and the carpet too). Relax with satellite TV, premium movies, tea/coffee maker and internet access (surcharge). The housekeeping staff were also very friendly, especially the head of housekeeping. However the room was way too small for me, the smallest hotel room ever for me. However, the reception was manned by one person only, resulting in very slow admission. Only problem was that the room was too hot: the radiator was at full blast and there was no means by which we could turn it down or off (this brought to the attention of the management at the time. It was fine if you know what I mean...TV didn't work, shower was a bit dodgy and the hotel just feels a bit old But the bed was really comfy and the staff helpful (although they couldn't fix the TV and gave up easily - I think they knew the TV wasn't working beforehand!) The lounges boutique atmosphere is a great place to unwind with a drink after an invigorating trip to the adjacent gym. The socket where the tv/kettle where did not work, leaving no tv and one socket which broke health and safety policy as the casing was broken. Totally misleading description of the facilities, I was led to the basement for my room; the horror on my face, and this was never indicated to me when I booked the room. The room was really nice and my daughter enjoyed the 4 posted bed and the bubble bathtub. Our only bad comment would be that the room was very hot but they supplied a large freestanding cool air machine which worked but was very loud so could not leave on for long. An issue with a bed side lamp left live wires exposed. Room was clean and comfortable although bathroom was a bit tired in terms of decor. There was no booklet or leaflets with information re the hotel or the nearby attractions. Staff worked diligently with our company to accommodate our needs. The handle to regulate the temperature of the water in the shower was faulty so water at times was very hot with no way of cooling it. We felt that the hotel was very tired and needed a good update,. The hotel is very well situated near the tube station. Disappointingly, my  friend and I were allocated a basement room with only a small window high up on the wall out of reach. the hotel was fine for crashing out for the night in central London.... well positioned for easy access to the underground. you ask for ice you get a few cubes    olny 2 of staff were real good ,Adam and Elians. Place was adequate but dated but the location was excellent With quaint room styles and an ideal central local, The Gainsborough Hotel (formerly the Domus Selecta Elegant The Gainsborough) is a popular choice in South Kensington. They try very hard but the bathroom was sub standard with no shelving. If you are looking for a very spartan experience on a budget, you might consider it. Grab a quick bite to eat before strolling across the street to the Natural History Museum, or sit with a cup of coffee while catching up on a book. Some of the desk staff can be shrill and argumentative...gad save you if you book thru anyone but them directly!! to have them bring the water 2 or 3 times a day. Secondly, we were advised to try the bar across the road for a post-theatre drink which we found odd as it wasn't late (and very expensive). Water only turned back on at 11pm (luckily I didn’t want to use a blood stained shower) no apologies no compensation or discount offered. Worse than that, when I used the bed I  coud feel the individual old fashioned large helical springs in my ribs! When a arrived the room we had booked was not available ,and the alternative room was not acceptable ,we eventually had another room allocated to us which was better but not great ,whilst we felt that the reception staff did their best and were helpful we would not return to this hotel in a hurry Excellent location a few minutes walk to the shops trains buses etc. The lights flickered for about 5 seconds before coming on and one fixture in the bathroom didn't work. When I asked what happens if it doesn’t get turned back on I received no reply. Was then told there wasn’t a room ready for me, despite it being after the check in time. It is situated close to many restaurants, museums, a short walk to Harrods and hundreds of other shops, and close to the tube station Visit popular monuments and places of interest, such as the Kensington Gardens or Palace, both near The Gainsborough Hotel. The buildingitself is  elegant Victorian and the staff are all really friendly and helpful .very good location in th heart of South Kensington The hotel was probably once a gem but it's a bit faded now, with dated fixtures etc. The bathroom was full of mould, staining which looked like blood on shower tiles and huge cracks in the tile floor. However, it did get a bit noisy at one point. Only plus was its close to the V&A which was why I booked in the first place. It's a great area -- and some of the staff was very nice - but most lacking in the can do attitude. Business needs can also be met with the use of a conference room. Only two minuses - we weren't able to control our room temperature, which wasn't a major problem as we opened the window. All 44 guest rooms are individually furnished with a classical touch and have an ensuite bathroom. There was no water in the room which is a basic requirement. The location is excellent as regards transport, eating places, museums etc. Luckily I had already disconnected the lamp from the mains power. It fit my budget and was all that I needed and expected. Didn’t bother with breakfast as place was deserted and not set up at all even at 730. I like an old fashioned hotel myself rather than a streamlined overdesigned affair with pretentious formality   It has a good foyer and a great breakfast room with great breakfasts . Got into the room and there where stains on the carpet, a huge/noisy air con/heater with the tubing out through a cracked window pane. 2 minute walk from Natural History Museum and underground station! The bathroom was extremely tight and you could not stand in front of the small corner sink from the bathtub, had to be very flexible to shave! The staff is very nice and does everything to make your stay a night to remember. The Hotel is very dated everything is very worn, the bathroom was outdated and in a poor state. They can usually fix anything if they are in the mood. Beds are awful, rooms are tiny, staffing is slim so when you are checking in or out there may not be anyone to help you with your bags, which can be tough if you don't have an elevator but have to use stairs to access your room. Clearly they don't know or care about the bedding -- blankets are VERY old...chairs are frayed everywhere...don't be afraid to ask for manager. Arrived to the hotel to be told that there was no water available. Charges for Wi-Fi seem inappropriate as was the requirement to pay a deposit in lieu of potential charges - normally it is sufficient to register a credit/debit card. Was told to go to Starbucks if I wanted wifi!
Again, difficult situation when you're leaving with multiple suitcases and walking up the street (and across the street) to get to the car. I was plenty warm, but the downside in my room was that while the heater was 'on' it made a LOT of dramatic popping, hissing and clanking noises. Searched room meticulously for bed bugs (I know what I’m doing) but there absolutely were NONE. If you want quaint, friendly, and warm,(Yet adjacent to male strip club) this is the place for you. The hotel is decorated beautifully with a focus on a different French artist on each floor. It absolutely reminded me of my last trip to Paris. Finally, I liked the location for my business needs, but as seems the norm in San Fran it felt like a sketchy area. Glass door knob on the closet door, comfy bed and two windows for good air flow plus a ceiling fan. Great location in between Union Square and the wharf, easy access to transport with cable cart stop just outside. We got in extremely late after a delayed flight, but arriving at the Hotel Cornell de France was immediate balm. He showed us into a lovely elevator with an old gate at brought us up to our room. The room was comfortable and clean with hand painted birds on the walls. We experienced so much of San Francisco and having the Cornell as a base of operations was ideal. Also, the elevator smelled really stale and made me worry the rooms would smell bad. Old time elevator is difficult to use if you're shuffling luggage as well because you have to literally hold the elevator door open to enter or exit the elevator. I also wasn’t told that the bathroom no longer connects to another room so I spent two days a bit worried (my fault for not asking). Hotel is clean, staff were fantastic, restaurant is beautiful and excellent breakfast. I only wish we'd had a longer stay to check out the restaurant. My bathroom was on the smaller side, but other than that the room was comfortable and clean. My daughter and I enjoyed the break from large, bustling hotels and the city. Completely renovated, mixing the charm of the past and modern amenities, the Cornell Hotel is unique and distinctly European, easy going, and profuse with art and history. Location is great......the trolley runs right at the corner and it's easy to walk to lots of restaurants. We even had to move the small one cup coffee maker into the bathroom to put it next to an outlet. I loved that it wasn't a cookie-cutter hotel experience and would recommend this place to anyone who has a sense of adventure. It's a small, clean, charming place over a mile from Union Square, accessible off Powell by tram, shuttle, Uber, or a 13-minute walk from BART Powell St station (a steep hill past Sutter to Bush). Close to Union Square with great restaurants within 1-2 blocks, and super quiet at night, huge bonus. The hotel was located centrally and we were able to walk to restaurants, clubs and the Fisherman's Wharf. Also, it's steps away from China town, huge shopping area, cable cars, and many many restaurants. The hotel is placed in a great location surrounded by very nice bars amd restaurants. The staff is very personable and the breakfast is excellent. Cute kitsch hotel that reminds me of my French grandmother's house. The rooms are small /cosy but well-maintained and reached by elevator or a steep, curving staircase. Otherwise I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to beautiful San Francisco. It whispered seductively in the one's ear rather than shouted in one's face. I loved this hotel and have already recommended it to friends! Just a great experience for our group of 6 travelers. The staff was very helpful and the restaurant was superb. For breakfast, Roxanne’s cafe, across the street, on Powell, is very good. There was a problem with our check-in and we still don't know if it was because of Travelocity or because of the Hotel (we think it was because of the hotel). Each hallway features fine prints of a single artist: Modigliani, Matisse, Chagall, Gauguin, Toulouse Lautrec...the first floor being devoted to Jeanne D’Arc. The internet was better than any hotel that I have stayed at including the big ones like Hilton. It is unfortunately an older hotel, so felt a bit dirty in common areas (not for lack of cleaning). Still my bottom line assessment - I would stay there again and am in fact, looking forward to it!! The staff is very friendly and the room was very comfortable. Went to hotel restaurant and expected options... only choice was 4 course meal    More than i wanted to spend. My wife and I have been to The City over twenty times and we normally stay at a different hotel in the area but it was full and so we tried the Cornell. I have stayed in this hotel twice already and really like it. However, given it is what it is...  Pros: nice French theme and family run. Maybe the other rooms would give a better feel and comfort. We will be staying here at our next  trip to SF. Love the french charm, the staff especially anna the breakfast hostess and later found her cleaning rooms was so warm and friendly, breakfast was great. Michel (the golden) made it feel like we were home. There is a nice built-in wardrobe and chest of drawers against one wall and the room also had a coffee maker and a flat screen tv. The restaurant in the basement serves breakfast and dinner with a set menu. The breakfast was lovely, though would love to have just a little bit more variety and perhaps more fresh fruit. It is walkable to Chinatown, North Beach and the wharf. From check in to check out and everything in between, the staff are awesome. Take a few more minutes and some public transport and you could be anywhere - The Castro, The Mission, Golden Gate Park, The Pacific Coast Line - you name. Full complimentary American Breakfast served in beautiful Restaurant Jeanne d’Arc. A little rustic for some people's tastes, but we loved it. After too many very nice, but undistinguishable hotels, it was a delight to find this charming, memorable hotel. My room had a little alcove with a writing desk and sitting area with chairs. Perhaps for the rooms a little fridge somewhere to house some milk and other things. I hate huge hotel rooms - it's a waste of space for a single traveler. My wife, who has made a life's quest for the perfect soft scrambled eggs has decided that she needs to travel no further than the Hotel Cornell de France. Excellent location, just near chinatown Very good breakfast Original decorations and style  However a bit too expensive The bathroom had a nice clawfoot bath tub and shower fixtures. Arrived at 8 pm and was greeted with a smile and kindness. Cons: it’s old, smells musky in main areas, furniture and decor is outdated. The staff is very friendly and it feels very Parisian. Finally, the hotel's quaint and cozy feeling made our trip just a little more personal - from the turn of the century elevator to windows that open out onto Bush street and people watching the Cornell turned out to be perfect for our first visit to San Francisco and was the cornerstone of some great memories and experiences my son and I won't soon forget. We had the free breakfast every morning of a 7 day stay and the ladies who serve it are just a pleasure to experience. Depending on your mood or just a whim, you could end up in China Town, Union Square, The Financial District, The Embarcado, Little Italy, The old Beat Head Quarters all within minutes. Hairdryer, telephone, flat screen TV, cable, coffee and tea maker, iron and ironing board in all rooms. For a moderate price, customers can have the personal comfort of a bed and breakfast. Our room was furnished nicely and the window opened to the street below, which I enjoyed. The bed was super confortable and the room very clean. After staying in 2 rooms during our stay, we know that the rooms are very tiny. Right on the corner of Bush and Powell steps away from a cable car stop and a few blocks from just about everything. Good overall experience   Clean, decent service, responsive to issues, nicely decorated, good location & the food was good. We thought this would be a unique bed and breakfast experience. French hotel: very clean, helpful staff, delicious hot breakfast, great location close to Union Square. The ceiling over the bed had flowers painted in a frame and the bed was cozy and comfortable with a perfectly weighted bed covering. The breakfast, by the way, is really good - it's not a typical free breakfast, it's a REAL breakfast of eggs, bacon, hash browns toast and pancakes or french toast. Overall - I would stay again if on a budget. Wonderful water pressure in the shower and all the amenities one would need for a stay. It is quaint and my room was in the center of the hotel so it was peaceful and quiet. The attendant who greeted us offered us cookies and water, and the issued us a physical key. If you want to experience San Francisco, this is the place to stay. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to tip the attendant, as we carried our own backpacks up, and hadn't planned on it, but he was great and recommend us a place to grab meals the next day. I would rate 4.5, but I noticed blood stain on duvet. No onsite parking - they have a partnership with a parking garage 1/2 block up the street where you can park. ( I don't like the light weight ones most hotels offer)   There are a few things to note - you self park, but it is right across the street, the shower was only a very narrow stall,  the heat is regulated through whole building not in your own room so, it comes on only at the times they designate. It was close to Sears Fine Foods, a corner store for last minute sodas, the Cable Car, and 2 blocks down to Union Square. The location is perfect-  close to the cable car, bus and BART. One had the feel of leaving the country to a charming, French small hotel without having to use one's passport. No cocktail lounge and no do not disturb hangars for the room doors. The elevator was awesome with it's automatic gate - I had a great time and referred it to a friend. The rooms are very cute and clean, the staff is friendly, and it is really close to Union Square, Market Street, etc. Sure, there were a few too many Klimt paintings on the wall, and very interesting hand-painted decorations on the door, but this only added to the charm for me. If you want to continue the French theme, go 2 blocks down the street to La Presse restaurant, a very nice French bistro right in front of the Dragon Gate. Nice hotel, service was excellent and I would stay here again Everything in the hotel was perfectly in tune with a traveler needs, with a low key sense of aesthetics and style. The next best thing about the Cornell is the location. Only so far you can run with the “renaissance”/boutique theme before you’re out of date. The bottom of the tub was narrow so one needed to be careful while taking a shower. Room are of decent size but beds were too soft. We were on the Gauguin floor, apparently, and met many friendly paintings lining the walls. Our room boasted a fancy chandelier, nice TV, and really nice French toiletries. If you are looking for fancy, modern accommodations, look elsewhere. The location is very convenient to Union Square and Nob Hill. The breakfast isn't wonderful, but we did have it the first morning and it was fine. The narrow building has all that is needed as you enter; coffee and tea, pleasant staff, a sitting lounge, elevator and stairs, and even storage for luggage during the day after you check out. Check-in is at 3 PM which means if you show up early, they will do the paperwork, store your luggage, and ask you to come back later. Because of the issue at check-in, we had to stay in one room one night, then change to another room the next day. "A taste of France in the heart of San Francisco"  Originally built in 1910, Cornell Hotel de France has been owned and operated by the same family for fifty years. It was great- the room was quiet- we were in the back-  the breakfasts were very enjoyable-  yes the choices were limited but  the food was good and if you want you can have cereal AND a hot breakfast. I will absolutely return to this hotel and recommend to all my friends. If  you are looking for  a large modern hotel this is not it but if you are looking for a small quiet European type of hotel- this is it. Although i did not have breakfast this time it is a nice addition. In that time the Lamberts have created, in San Francisco, the kind of small three star hotel that may be found on the rive gauche in Paris. Renowned for its charm, the comfort and decoration of its rooms, the quality of its cuisine. Nice hotel in downtown SF Very nice breakfast- hotel has hand painted vignettes from French art everywhere. The included, served full breakfast in the hotel's lower level restaurant was an added bonus. I felt like I was staying at a friend's house. The french flavor of the hotel was very authentic and wonderful. This is a tiny hotel with an antique gated elevator which is rather charming and French in an old world way. Breakfast was average at best - better places down the street for same price. It was next to a open theatre, their wasn't a spot to park or unload luggage and the staff was beyond rude! Private parking available across the street at a preferential rate.
We asked twice before they fixed the shower handle that literally kept falling off the wall. They forgot to put the order in, then couldn't find the charge slip later. Curtains had yellow stains in them and one had a clearly visible cigarette burn hole in it. When you book, be sure you know what type room you're booking; not all rooms are suites. I have stayed at multiple Embassy Suites one in which I had concerns. Really enjoyed my stay and it was a good experience! Dining options include a free cooked-to-order breakfast and evening beverages. Open door and suddenly hit with a smell of a musty, moldy odor. 1st night we were in a regular room with 2 small twin beds, second night we did get a suite but still 2 small twin beds, this was after several trips to the front desk to ask for a better room and a king bed. The breakfast was cold and they weren’t excited about refilling the forks any of the days. We were supposed to stay extra days and typically love other Embassy Suites, but we checked out two days early. Instead he lied to me and said they ran out of room and because I book through Orbitz I get what is available. Usually the problem is no seating but there was plenty of seating. Business trip hotel provided the best free WiFi I have ever used. The modern hotel offers a fitness room, an indoor pool, laundry services, in addition to a lounge area and baggage storage. For breakfast there were multiple minor issues:  no butter next to the bread/area, coffee server several feet from the cups-creamer-sweetner area, bacon was undercooked and greasy, scrambled eggs were overcooked and dry, and the list goes on. It took us about 50 minutes to have breakfast which is unacceptable. Somehow they gave me a room that didn't have an outside window! Out of all the Embassy I have stay during my business trip. The lobby and social area with bar/breakfast is also very nice. Enjoyed our stay while in town for a hockey game. We were REALLY disappointed since we chose to stay there our wedding night! She was a total smarta** about the situation and pretty much made it seem like I was asking her to build what we needed in our room. Even after telling one of the supervisor by the name of Shawn. However I left my favorite sweater there and noone seemed have found it. Hotels should be prepared to always have eggs and a meat ready to self service. I felt he was defending the staff and their policy for booking through Orbitz. After 30 minutes she called to say she found the room we were looking for. Which I felt he was lying since I didn't see a lot of car park in the parking lot. The staff was very professional and helpful I made new friends that I will treasure for a lifetime I will always stay there if I ever need a place in Dallas to lay my head I haven't heard from anyone and I probably never will. I brought my coworkers for a class and I was very embarrassed as I had chosen a hotel which made them and myself uncomfortable. A gentleman name Andre at the front desk check me in. Hot options included the made to order omelets, then there were also eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, French toast, biscuits and gravy, oatmeal, fruit, bread, etc. When I checked out the lady at the front desk asked how my stay was. It was disappointing, we stayed at this hotel ONLY because of the indoor pool and it closed early on Sunday night and never opened on Monday. Significant amenities include a complementary full, hot breakfast and an evening Manager's Reception offering free appetizers, beer and wine. The hotel is aware of the situation as in the elevator mention when is the best time to eat breakfast and the poster states that the busiest time takes 45-60 minutes. Embassy Suites by Hilton Dallas-Market Center hotel is a four mile drive from the Dallas Museum of Art and less than eight miles from the Cottom Bowl Stadium. It can get very *loud* if there's more than about 10 people in that room (all the noise just bounces around off walls and ceiling). We spent close to 30 minutes waiting in line for food. ac made a loud noise all night and did not cool well. The advertised shuttle couldn’t get as at the airport and was only available mid day to bring us places within 3 miles. they still have yet to credit my master card for the duplicate room charge. It had one window that faced the hallway and that was it. The pool was dirty and the hot tub was painful due to the rocky bottom. The breakfast was excellent; it just took way to long to get any food. The previous guest/staff 100% smoked in my room and I am allergic to cigarette smoke. There's also a restaurant/bar offering Texan cuisine and showing sports in the lounge areas. However, we found the bar and breakfast area the most disorganized and unsatisfactory of any hotel chain ever. So, after all that we were moved, but it was not easy - and very frustrating. The only bad thing was that they can out of lids for the cups and forks aroumd 9:30 during breakfast Sunday morning. Turned in A/C to help circulate the air...came back several hours later to find smell remaining and sticky film along bathroom floor. We were told, “it is first come, first served.” When I asked, “if that is the case, why even have a reservation?”  I was told “that’s the way it is.”  I’m thinking they could make more money by not honoring my Expedia reservation and selling it to someone else. One of our party had stayed at an embassy suites before and was appalled at the lack of simple organization. She sent us back up to the room we did not book. I went to the room that was given to me. I explain to him the situation and he switch my room right away. There was almost NO noise level which was extremely nice compared to many hotels I have stayed in. This is the first  that I ever had a bad taste because I knew the staff was lying to me! At this point I was very frustrated but I held my composer and spoke to another staff who look like he was the  manager. Needless to say, I won't be staying at this hotel again. We paid for a suite with a king bed, about $350 for 2 nights. Embassy Suites by Hilton Dallas-Market Center hotel is located about a nice minute drive from the Dallas Love Field Airport four miles from the Perot Museum. The problem was no eggs for 40 minutes, therefore, everyone that wanted eggs had to wait in the made-to-order line. The only complaint we have is that breakfast took forever. Hotel Staff are very friendly and the rooms were clean. Therefore, I ask when will there be an available room that I can switch. I was at no time rude, but very direct to her. When we arrived we were told they had no room and our room was given away. The swimming pool is indoors and fun for the family. I have never seen a made-to-order breakfast line so long. The air conditioner had a hard time cooling the room, but was okay. The pool is only 3 ft deep which is not a real pool in my opinion, but is was wet and there is a hot-tub. Booked online, but called about a specific room when I booked, was not given this room and brought it up the to te lady who checked us in. Room wasn't elegant like other Embassy Suites We've stayed in. They didn't have any rooms and weren't willing to help The bright rooms and suites include free Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs, minifridges, along with microwaves and coffee makers. He said that they are all book through the weekend. Staff very helpful, room clean and comfortable ,everything I needed vas available,had a great stay, free is always good as was the breakfast and snacks and happy hour in the afternoon I spent a few hours working in the room and I felt like I had done time! Very nice,  we enjoyed our stay at the Embassy suites in Dallas Cockroaches everywhere :( our first room had two in one of the bathrooms, then we requested to change rooms due to uncleanliness, there was another, larger cockroach in that room along with a sock in the closet and a used contact lens in the bathroom. The hotel offers free parking and in-room cable TV with pay-per-view movies. She kind of shrugged, said that's the type of room I reserved, and said she'd let the manager know. Along with that, the management did not handle this situation properly, trying to deny it while the next day we saw a person with a pest control uniform walk in the front door. They have a shuttle but I didn't use, so can't comment in that. Otherwise excellent stay was marred by a front desk snafu involving misplacement of an important package that had been delivered for me, and by poor TV reception in room. So I came back down stair to speak to Andre politely to switch to a normal suite which is what I book for on Orbitz. Very silly situation but a hotel which charges average hotel fees should at least not be motel quality.
