The Staff was friendly, the hotel was clean and the morning breakfast offered each morning was delicious. We had some issues with the shuttle service as each time the van was 20 minutes out - and 40 minutes later, it was still 20 minutes out... location convenient close to space needle and garden, and free shuttle to market place. I would just be more vocal about housekeeping next time. I thought that was very awesome for them to do! Room layout was a little weird with a a living room-ette where the 40 TV could be swiveled to about 5' in front of your face. Location was great because you're so close to everything downtown! They are so helpful with everything even take you to places in their shuttle service. Great location being next to the space needle, city center, museums, duck rides and the monorail! BREAKFAST - included in room stay - excellent hot breakfast, omelettes made fresh, pastries, cereal, fruit, great meal  OTHER - on 8th floor is outside patio, great view of space needle, comfortable chairs and tables, propane fire pits turned on in the evenings, It was a bit intimidating and could have been handled nicer. Cook to order breakfast and full bar for the evening. I definitely recommend it, the breakfast buffet was sooo good!! Gym was small, a couple treadmills ellipticals and bikes, set of dumbbells, and one cable rack but also had a ball and foam rollers for recovery. The hotel was great, but I was surprised there was no room service. The kitchenette does not seem to go with the image the Hotel. Situated near the Space Needle, the Seattle Center, and Memorial Stadium, Hyatt House Seattle/Downtown is a three-star hotel where amenities available to guests include a business centre and a gym. Upgraded quarters include rooms with city views and studios and one-bedroom suites. The bar in the lobby has a limited menu with a number of tasty food items. Great stay, had a view straight in front of the space needle. I had a great two night stay at the Hyatt House Hotel, designed to offer more residential environment. Soundproof windows with blackout shades; heard no hallway noise at all. It didn’t bother me once and I’m an incredibly light sleeper. Parking inside the building is protected by a gate, and price is the same as other nearby gated garages. My stay at the Hyatt House in Seattle was wonderful. There was a problem with the disposal in kitchen and they couldn't fix it because of no supply of that broken unit. We had a view room, 4th floor, room was beautiful, clean, modern, kitchen was bonus. Oddly, I would still recommend this hotel as the location, room size, and price were great. My partner was the one that checked in to the hotel. One bartender said they  had to wash glasses and I think forgot about us so another bartender ending up helping us and pulled a glass straight from a shelf. Parking is underground, down a side street- call ahead they'll give you directions. The late night happy hour and small bites menu was also great. We stayed here the night before a 15k run in Seattle. But we got a promotion to a suits with space needle view. The shower was clogged which was not too pleasant but I guess happens... 4. We did receive towels for 2 days, but the floor and surfaces were not swept/wiped EVER. On the last night we had to call for towels. Has a nice little kitchen with stovetop, microwave and fridge. The room is spacious, bed is comfortable, clean and bright, breakfast is good, staff are friendly It was in a central location to everything including the rail system to downtown & the armory (which has tons of great food). Kitchen counter and rolly chair good for getting work done. We did not use it, but it did appear to be well equipped. The hotel was a great spot and close to walking distance of everything. Everyone who works at the Hyatt house was very nice and helpful. Its a great place for friends and family to stay. Hyatt House is in good location especially right across the Space Needle. Some noise but that's pretty much a given on the 2nd. Luggage storage, complimentary newspapers, and limited paid parking are also available to guests. But, the elevator was broken during last 3-day visits, had to use stairs to 8th floor with my little kids. Had 2 queen suite, kitchen nice, but was disappointed due to no views at all no even with a request. Everyone had wonderful customer service and it was a relaxing stay I certainly would stay again and breakfast was delicious...... But other than that, this is the perfect hotel, saved to my favorites for me to stay in every trip I take to Seattle from now on!! The room far exceeded my expectations, and I was lucky enough to have my window facing the Space Needle so that was really exciting also. I don't see anyone using this space as intended (I used it for my luggage instead of the luggage rack/stand). Wish I had known about this this place a long time ago. Nice staffs, good location, just few walks to space needle, pile market there's many bar and restaurant. Check in a little slow, but room was very large and comfortable. They provide a free shuttle serve to near by locations that you can’t beat considering the fantastic location. We got there in the morning about 9:30 and they let us checked in immediately! Very nice hotel with nice amenities, staff was very helpful and attentive to you Right across the street from the Space Needle, it's a quiet hotel despite it's location. The customer service displayed by both Luke at the front desk and Carl the shuttle driver was exceptional. The Hyatt House room had a full kitchen with all utensils, comfy sitting area and the bed and bathroom facilities were excellent. During our 3 night stay, not once did the bathroom get cleaned. Slow room service, if need extra towels and shampoo, go get it yourself. If the room had a safe, I would rate it higher. Bonus cheap happy hour, free breakfast, easy to access parking. Perfect location for the Seattle Marathon start/finish, 5 minute walk to start line. Overall I felt it was a very safe location - though on the last night we were awakened by what sounded like gunshots. I’ve stayed at many and this by far best fits my needs! Good stay- free shuttle to nearby places within one mile When they heard it was our honeymoon, they went above and beyond! Although minimal and small, equipment was brand new and got the job done for a.m. cardio. Free breakfast every morning and the room accommodated a family of 6. It was also great to have a coin laundry on site since my husband & I bought our 2 kids with us. Free shuttle bus was good for getting to were you need to go, but was not able to bring you back to hotel. When I first walked into my room I yelled holy $%@! The front desk staff was very accommodating and helped me find a good spot to set up my gift bags and pop some champagne! I heard no noise from neighbors, and the morning breakfast was probably the best included breakfast I have had at any hotel. The free shuttle got us most places around the city we wanted to see within one mile the of the hotel. There were 6 of us so great having the kitchen area. Hotel situated directly across from the Space Needle allowing for a nice view from our 6th floor room. Overall the hotel was nice but the staff was rude and the room being cleaned daily was frustrating. The staff at breakfast time are all lovely, they can't do enough for you. Everything was generous, upgrade, free rides to downtown, great breakfast. Free breakfast was really good, go early if you want an omelet or you'll have to wait a bit. We were celebrating my birthday on a Friday night which got kind of loud and resulted in a noise complaint. The Hyatt House is in a great location right next to Seattle Center (Space Needle, Chihuly Garden, etc.) The room was very large and comfortable for my 3 sisters and myself. We stay in Seattle ever year at Holidays but didn't know this place existed. The manager came up and told us we could bring our drinks/music to the rooftop lounge or he would reserve an area near the bar where we could continue our fun without creating too much noise for the guests. Hotel had free 24 hr shuttle that was very convenient(one day it was down but they offered to refund us whatever we payed for taxi as long as it was within a 1 mile radius) I would definitely stay here again! The free breakfast was very average, so we passed on the second and third days. The room was very spacious and perfect for the occasion. Great room set-up, perfect for our family with 2 young kids. Lots of space to run around, bring groceries (from the nearby QFC in), and sprawl out with all the stuff we travel with. The hotel was great but towards the end of the stay. Brennan, the concierge who assisted us with reservations, transportation and honest restaurant reviews was great and familiar with the area. If I had to say a bad thing it would be that the daily maid service was a little off & seemed scatterbrained (left the room half done a few times) . I've been in other hotel rooms with better plug options, but this was good enough. We did put up the sign for full housekeeping service, but that did not even merit getting a new toilet paper roll. On the weekends, it includes made-to-order omelets which were quite tasty. Also shuttle service is great but not too friendly drivers. Only thing I regret is not making it up to the rooftop terrace. Had a drink at the H Bar and it took 15-20 minutes before a bartender gave us a drink. STAFF - all were extremely friendly and helpful, always did the extra things to make stay great,  SHUTTLE - 24 hour free shuttle pick up or drop off within a mile of hotel was great, we used it several times to go to various locations such as Pike Market or giant ferris wheel. I was hosting my best friends bachelorette party here and arrived before the room was ready. Fridge with microwave, large flatscreen TV, large walk in shower. I wish there was a bellhop and cheaper overnight parking. Excellent breakfast in the morning (I'd value it at least $25) with hot buffet, made to order eggs, all juices, fresh fruit, coffee, bagels. There was no clear indication on how to park your car in the hotel, we had to go a couple of rounds till we found the entrance and then had issues getting them to open the parking lot. The hotel offers a shuttle service to destinations within a one-mile radius of the hotel which includes Pike Place Market, Westlake Center, and the Victoria Clipper Pier. We just had to continually ask to have our room cleaned each day; one day not being there all day and returning at 7pm the room still had not been touched. The rooms are well furnished and large, the bed is firm with good linens, automated shades. We will definitely have to make this a regular stay. It was located conveniently across from the space needle and walking distance to downtown and the public market. The room was small, but nicely appointed and we were hardly in it, so we really didn't need it to be big. There was no room safe, so there was concern leaving a laptop and other valuable. Was hung up on by hotel staff multiple times while trapped in their “affiliates” parking structure. Staff was hit and miss, but overall competent and friendly. There is also the Seattle Monorail just a short walk from the motel which will take you into the downtown sector. Plus, guests can dine at the H Bar or pick up snacks from the 24/7 convenience store. Courtesy local shuttle with a friendly driver was definitely a perk! Limited room service menu, but close to restaurants and the hotel offers shuttle service free in a five mile radius. Once we were in the room we were visited by the hotel security to identify that the visitor was me. Many employees at the desk didn’t appear to be very knowledgeable about touristy things or about restaurants which was a bit disappointing being a visitor. Oh and you can't get any closer to the Space Needle and the surrounding tourist hotspots. The children's museum & park are basically half a block away too! Wonderful fresh fruit salad, an omelet bar, and other hot and cold food selections. Work-wise, there's a business center in the lobby with free printing, and there's a Fedex Kinkos about 3-blocks away. We checked in for a Mini Vac of 4 days. The room seemed updated, modern and clean, though housekeeping skipped us on our first day and we found a knit cap that likely belonged to the prior guests. Takes long time to get hold of staff on the phone, just go to front desk to speak. This hotel lies half a mile from the Olympic Sculpture Park, within 1.5 miles of the Seattle Aquarium and Great Wheel, and a 25-minute drive from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The staff had no idea what to do or say but apologize about it. Standard and accessible rooms offer seating areas, en-suite facilities, and flat-screen TVs. Many normal gyms are very close for your regular lift. The front desk staff was rude when we wanted to ride the free shuttle; we just wanted to be dropped off the furthest they would and they gave us a hard time. This is one of the best hotels we have stayed at the staff was excellent   They have a really nice breakfast buffet. Check-in was delayed by about 20 minutes (at 4pm...) and they gave me a mobility access room - they should tell you how to turn on the shower in this room because it wasn't obvious (pull the smaller knob from the wall). Location is excellent - literally right under the space needle, within walking distance of a night out, and you can take a cheap taxi/uber to finer dining. If I had one negative thing to say it would be that the elevator is way too slow... Very close to Space Needle and several museums, and there is a free shuttle that takes you to Pike Place Market and other attractions near the waterfront. Great hotel for business travelers - my King had the full kitchen (stove, fridge, sink) and was stocked with kitchen essentials. On top of that, it very clean, well decorated and great staff. The breakfast buffet was really good also, great quality and many options for many types of eaters both super healthy like myself, to someone looking for a delicious tasty breakfast. The hot breakfast every morning was really well done, a good choice variety each morning. Facilities at Hyatt House Seattle/Downtown include meeting space, laundry, and express check-in and check-out options. Very nice room, up to date appliances in the full kitchen, comfortable bed and minimal noise for being directly next to the light rail! We liked have the seating area separate from the beds. Room was clean and we had a perfect view to space needle. - just a mile (ish) walk from Pike Place Market. It is centrally located and very convenient to several major attractions. The elevators for some reason stopped working everyone was taking the stairs and it was horrible. Their housekeeping though is kinda slow, they maybe have a short staff during our stay.
Tiny Rooms, smells terrible, very noisy from the road, too high priced, under Chinese management All rooms are equipped with completely new bathrooms as well as TV, minibar and hairdryer. We had a jumbled schedule and they were incredibly helpful, hospitable, attentive and friendly. I can handle clean and dated over modern and nasty any day! There were periods when it would work well and others when it was almost nonfunctional. Even though that is a significant minus for me, the staff's willingness to try and meet our needs, their friendliness and the price made this a value and I would consider staying there again. Wifi availabe in all rooms and areas within the resort, Located near all importand sights as Shoppingarea, musea, Theatres and international Restaurants. The hotel itself is a little dated, but it is clean. The RESIDENZ CITY is situated in the city centre and easy reachable by car, train and public traffic facillities. In this pretty, cosy Resort you will find all modern facillities and standards which you may expect in a three star Hotel in Germany. I think the price i paid for it and what we got in the end was not really worth it as i paid for 1/2 price elsewhere and got 5 star service. Out side traffic very noisy pillows very uncomfortable to far from town centre
Close to transport links, restaurants and shops, the hotel is just ten minutes away on foot from the popular area of Shoreditch. Next time if I ask for two nights perhaps I can be booked in for two nights, hotel was close to tube and very central for major London attractions. A breakfast buffet is served every morning, while a selection of tasty evening meals is also available  The Old Street Underground Station is a five-minute walk from the property. Single bed in the room was dreadful - you could feel every spring. A 24-hour front desk is also on-hand to provide assistance whenever needed. My stay would have been better if ORBITZ had not booked me in for two separate nights meaning I had to check out on the Friday morning, leave my luggage in reception and re-check in on Friday night. The Museum of London is less than 15 minutes away on foot. A flat-screen television, work desk and tea/coffee making facilities come as standard with every room at the Travelodge London Central City Road. Each room also contains an en-suite bathroom with complimentary toiletries and fresh towels. The hotel were brilliant and kept me on the same floor. Very handy to several tube lines, nice pubs and restaurants in the area. We were here pre Christmas and other guests were incredibly noisy banging doors and talking in corridors from very early morning. The picturesque Travelodge London Central City Road is a budget-friendly accommodation option for those wanting to stay in the centre of the city.
Very close to bars and eateries, facilities not the best, bathroom is small, breakfast is great, staff is really kind would recommend if you are only staying for the night...................................  ...... . Room was decent size and clean, staff were friendly and let me check in early, overall a good stay for the price considering how much other hotels in Boston can cost! But I was not in Boston for the hotel, and the location was great in terms of nearness to Common & Convention Center. Mine appeared to be furnished with castoffs that had been found on the curb after college students threw them out as junk. Give the irregular nature of the rooms it is possible some are much better than the one I endured. Also didn't have a coffee pot or anything in room. They didn't really have an answer on it or seem too concerned either. This budget-friendly accommodation choice is just five minutes away on foot from the Boston Public Garden. Could have done with one more blanket with the cold winter weather. I couldn't get a good night sleep with the noise and couldn't turn the unit off since I stayed mid-summer. The windows leaked cold air like a sieve and the heater continually came on and off, a forced hot air unit which was very loud for the room size. Even though my room was small it was comfortable as clean with a nice window view. Definitely an older hotel and bits are a little tired but they are currently renovating so that should solve that! Found Hotel Boston Comon, has excellent service, Edward the Manager, and everybody else is  always making sure the guests are happy. The room was extremely small, which was ok for the price we paid. horrible hotel  - the bed was broken and on a slant. Built in 1877 as 10 unit apartment building, the process of dividing it up into rooms for a hotel has left some very tiny rooms. Tried to take a shower our first night and had no hot water. A cable television and coffee maker come as standard with all the air conditioned rooms at the Milner Hotel. With its origins dating back to 1877, the historic Milner Hotel is located right in the middle of Boston’s Theatre District. It is unfortunate,  because it has a great location and the front of this hotel is so deceiving in that it is modern and classy,but once you get inside it's like stepping into a time warp and experiencing a facility that was probably in its heyday in the 1920's. Everithing was ok except for shower wich has few hot water. Large sign announces renovations will happen, I hope it includes new furniture in room I occupied. Lots of variety and someone was on-hand to make sure nothing ran out. Nice and clean sheets with lots of nice soft pillows! In addition, each room features a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer. Very friendly staff, a little bit loud - there is a busy street right next to it, considering the prize a good hotel to stay for a couple of days, given how discounted the night was, and that it was only one night I liked it. Newbury Street and Copley Square are both within 20 minutes away from the hotel on foot. If you need a affordable hotel that is clean, comfortable, good location and has a friendly staff this is a good hotel. A Celtics game let out and was very noisy but I think that is to be expected... On the first day, ( before we even started to use the toilet) when I tried to flush down a piece of tissue I used to wipe the surface of the sink, the water in the toilet just kept going up. Overall friendly staff, breakfast included, convenient location with close parking garage. Self-service laundry facilities, 24-hour front desk and a business center are other public amenities offered by the accommodation. The best aspect of the hotel is its location downtown Boston within walking distance of Common Grounds, Chinatown and many theaters. The windows were cheap single pane style that did nothing to deaden the street sounds. My room was very small and had a very loud / noisy individual air conditioning unit. Difficult to get to the windows to open shades/window, Beds were in the way. The hotel is small, there is no lobby and the breakfast area is tight. Take a white noise machine with you and it's bearable but no wonder it was so cheap on Expedia. Staff very nice, but the 4th floor is the only one done that I can tell. A free continental breakfast is served each morning at the hotel. The nightly rate was similar to other hotels in the area, but if planned in advance you can get a similar rate at a more well-established hotel with better amenities. The building is old, and the bathroom could do with some upgrading - which we were told is being planned. Hotel had a cozy feel, just a small room, perfect for what we needed. small rooms but nicely refurbished and the bathroom was lovely, except no hot water at night at the sink and very low water pressure in the shower in the AM. But other than that, our overnight was a pleasant experience. Found hotel is the best in the city , the staff are so comforting, and breakfast is so good. The hotel provides Wi-Fi throughout the building and is inclusive with all stays. they need to make sure their water heater can keep up with demand once it's running on full steam. I might stay again because of location and staff, but room itself was poor. The hotel room was in a good location and the check in and staff were great. Heating didn't work at all and it took a long time to get hot water for the shower. An extra chair would have been nice, as well as an ice bucket. Also hotel is right around the corner from Wang and Wilbur theatres! They are working on the building to male it even better. I have stayed in hundreds of different hotels around the world for both pleasure and business and this dump is without a doubt one of the worst I have ever experienced. I would hope you would remove this disgusting facility from your list of acceptable hotels to stay in while in Boston. Overall it was a nice hotel but the noise coming from the street was terrible. Tiny hotel room, and the pictures on the site is misleading. The room was small and the mattress was not the most comfortable. Room was clean and people were polite had wifi to parking garage across the street looks nice to Very friendly and helpful,bedroom was very small, seemed more suited for a single bed than double and bed firmer than we like, did have a great bathroom though.
The four-star Holiday Inn Paris - Notre Dame is located on the Left Bank of the River Seine, right in the centre of Paris. Paris isn't cheap but there are plenty of good places to eat nearby and if you go into the side streets you can get a good meal while avoiding rip-off prices. Hotel offered 2 levels of breakfast (buffet &/or continental) which was nice, especially if you wanted to get something to eat quickly to then get on with your day. Including the breakfast option was also a good savings idea and the rooftop terrace of the hotel gave us another view of the city and a nice place to unwind and enjoy a refreshment. A block from the several train lines...easy walking distance to Notre Dame and the Louvre...lots of nice places to eat and shop. I said it all in the title to this review. No ashtrays provided on terrace therefore butts thrown over balcony to our level. Hotel clean and rooms modern although are abit on the small size but not so much that it caused a problem. A breakfast buffet is available every morning in Le Quarante Trois restaurant. We booked a standard room but as we were staying 4 nights they gave us a “larger” room which was meant for wheelchair users. Many, many cute little eateries located in the blocks surrounding the hotel. When I arrived at the hotel they did not have any record of my booking. Definitely not 4 star hotel, more like modest 3 star. The problem we had was the bathroom which was a wet room and although there was curtains round the shower the floor got soaked. Some rooms on the upper floors boast Eiffel Tower views. Also offered a shuttle ride to the airport (for a fee) which was easier than taking the Metro & less expensive than taking a taxi. The hotel is situated near to the metro, the line that covers a number of attractions. Both my wife and I have MacBook Airs( new) and neither of us could use the internet effectively. Rooftop floor needs fixing but other than that installations and location is good. This hotel is right in the middle of everything you want in Paris. The Notre Dame area has plenty of dining and shopping options. Rooftop deck with Eiffel tower view puts it over the top! Easy to get to from Gard de Nord on the metro. Rooms were a bit small but It may be the rule in Europe as we have experience the same in other places on the other hand they provide everything you need. The hotel is well situated for Paris and that is a real bonus. The Metro is close by or, if you like walking, you can get pretty much anywhere on foot. Despite the fact that we were out for most of the day the room was not cleaned up even after we requested it leaving for dinner. Breakfast bar mare didn't keep breakfast warm enough & had cold eggs, bacon & stale bread . As we have found, rooms in Paris tend to be small by US standards, but we were find in the space we had. Rue Danton is a very picturesque street filled with rest. Not enough wardrobe space, didn't replenish coffee & teas, soaps etc daily. The room was very small, glass courtin to the toilet instead of doors. Breakfast was just not great for Paris Woman working in the  the restorant at breaksat time unpleasant On a main street which had noise until late in the evening on the weekend nights. Location was the most important factor for our group and we really got the best, we could walk to many of the tourist attractions, food places, Metro subway, River boat tours. Hotel is centrally located making the city very walkable with Metro access very close. We upgraded to a room with view of the Eiffel Tower which was well worth it and there’s a great view from the roof terrace. Several Metro stations close by made it easy to get around Paris without a car & to get to all of the top rated tourist sites. Bathroom was also tiny had to put toiletries on floor under sink. location was perfect, some things were lacking,like a luggage rack.very tight room Wonderful location short walking distance to Notre Dame, Pont Neuf, Saint Chapelle, Blvd. The Holiday Inn - Notre Dame is a nice, quaint hotel. Travelling with a spouse/partner it is tolerable but not great if you were travelling with a friend. Great location , helpful staff , small room  Close to train , Easy to get a taxi , Great shopping and food area . This is the second time I stay at this hotel. The reception at the Holiday Inn Paris - Notre Dame is open 24-hours and provides a range of services, including currency exchange, ticket booking and safe-keeping. Overall good experience - hotel is close to the RER on the line from CDG airport, well kept, clean, has reasonable sized rooms for a city centre hotel with comfy beds and there is a rooftop terrace which would be great in the summer. The myriad bars, restaurants, shops, sights and landmarks of the Latin Quarter are all right on the hotel's doorstep. I have stayed in this hotel on many occasions and will do so again The rooms are a bit small, but that was to be expected, as most hotel rooms in Paris are rather small. Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pantheon and Saint-Michel Métro station are within easy strolling distance of this chic eco-hotel. Very obliging printing tickets received by email, arranging transport to and from the airport as well as being a mine of information for things like doctors, chemists and laundry. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and professional. I booked via the website, as I have done previously, and received confirmation. There were only two minus points - (i) the road the hotel is on is busier (certainly at weekends) than it looked on Streetview with bin lorries that collect at 6.30am and (ii) the interior designers have decided that it is a good idea to have a window between the bathroom and bedroom with a blind on the outside and a sliding glass door which doesn't really close properly. The restroom was extra small, with the toilet being in an awkward location. Great hotel and perfect location ..2 mins walk from the metro and 5 mins from notre dame  cathedral with plenty of cafes, pubs and restaurants within walking distance. Very helpful staff, good accommodations, nice rooftop, and close to many attractions. Guests can also relax on the rooftop terrace and savour the stellar views with a drink or light bite from the hotel bar. I like it because it is walking distance to anywhere and has good transport connections. Righ next to the hotel you can find a mini convenience store for any of your needs (fruit, water, etc) It is walking distance to Notre Dame and Saint Chapel. They printed french phrases for us so we could find some medication at the pharmacy, helped with directions to different areas, and were very attentive to our needs. It is in a lively neighborhood, plenty of brasseries nearby. A very friendly staff and being a Holiday Inn you get most of the room amenities you would get in the US of course the size is smaller. Saint Germain, and walkable to Louvre, Place Vendome, Galeries Lafayette. My only real complaint is that we never had good internet. All of the hotel's stylish, wood panelled guest rooms come with flat-screen TVs, high-speed Internet and coffee/tea making facilities. My girlfriend was sick for a couple days, and the hotel staff went out of their way to help her. The big issue we had was the door into bathroom, it was a frosted glass sliding door and when closed it did not close properly therefore you had no privacy at all. No wash cloths in the bathroom but seems common in Europe. The only drawback is that the place is pretty noisy, being right at the street.
Handy for railway station and trams over all nice pllace meet every thing I needed The 146 rooms of the IntercityHotel offer every conceivable comfort and create an extremely pleasant atmosphere. For all IntercityHotels concerned the usage of the WLAN is free of charge up to 256 KB/s. The city’s airport and the Düsseldorf Exhibition Grounds are only 10 km away, and the closest motorway junction in a distance of 1.5 km is within reach. The hotel offers excellent value for money, with spacious and clean rooms in a practical location. In addition to a sumptuous breakfast buffet, the guest can enjoy the amenities of the conservatory, the hotel restaurant and the hotel bar. The bedding also felt like it was for a single bed not a double as it didn't go down the side like a duvet usually would. we loved staying at Intercity Hotel in  Dusseldorf , very central in town and very close to the train station. excellent position close to rail and underground overall good hotel at reasonable price only fault bar was closed most of the time thro our visit so if you if you like a drink before bed you may be disappointed The historic city centre, the German Opera on the Rhine and the Hofgarten (the Court Gardens) can also be visited easily and quickly. Hotel clean and functional and ok for couple nights bed and shower. The centrally located IntercityHotel Düsseldorf is situated near the main station and the famous Königsallee. Take advantage of your FreeCityTicket, included in the price of your room, to travel free of charge by local public transport and discover Düsseldorf or other cities of the Rhine-Ruhr area. The 4 conference rooms with their daylight illumination and state-of-the-art conference technology provide the ideal environment for your event in our conference hotel in Düsseldorf. Marked down from 5 to a 4 because room was clearly made up for 1 person not 2, and only found out late we only had 1 towel for 2 people so couldn't shower. Hotel provided free travel cards for entire stay, valid on bus, tram, train and tube. Do not expect too much luxury, and understand that general neighbourhood is not the very best - but realise this is a pleasant stay in a very practical location - then you should be just fine.
Overall it was reasonably priced, but I wouldn't stay here again Room was very clean and I would have no hesitation in recommending it. The bed and breakfast offers coffee, juice and croissants in the morning. The bed and breakfast is a five minute walk from Colón metro station and one kilometre from Plaza de Toros de Valencia. Beautiful place to stay if you want to be close to everything yet in a quiet neighbourhood. Only plus is that it is close to city attractions. With the exception of the noise factor from restaurant patrons late nights, everything was exceptional. Lovely B&B (though breakfast is extra), lovely old building with lots of original features, great location and super staff, all very friendly and helpful. The downsides are the difficult parking situation and our bathroom smelled mildly of sewage. Breakfast is offered in a cafe at the local market and is excellent value and well worth having. elevator very claustrphobic fitting one bag and a person with difficulty. The bright rooms with wood floors and rural-inspired decor feature flat-screens, fans and shared or private bathrooms. There are various restaurants and bars within a close walking distance. Enrique was a great host, list of information on where to go and what to do. Left the hotel in an hour and checked into a much nicer Melia. The staff had offered to switch my room but for two nights stay, I just sucked it up for night two. Set in a vibrant area full of shops and restaurants, Hi Valencia Cánovas is a charming bed and breakfast that offers free Wi-Fi in the rooms and a bike rental service. I like having a separate private bathroom, the room was clean and the location was good. Room was nice and quite big, but bed really uncomfortable. A bit tricky to find however its in a really good location, staff were good, checkin was easy, rooms were lovely. From checking in and everything in-between my overall stay was superb. There's a nice rooftop terrace with furnishings, a baggage storage and a tour desk. They do have a separate bathroom, just a step away over the corridor, with its own key. The room was very average, nothing extra to make you feel special. A kid three years and under can stay free of charge. Great location and overall a nice and clean apartment that is pleasantly decorated. Hi Valencia Cánovas is two kilometres from Estació del Nord (Valencia) train station, Valencia Cathedral and Torres de Serranos, for panoramic views of the city. In fact, my stay in Valencia was too short; I do plan on returning, and I would highly recommend this place even to my (enemies) - that's a stretch... but for sure I rated it exremely high. Bathroom (private) across the hallway was a bit small, but manageable. At this juncture, I am still checked-in, but I could not wait to give this establishment a rating. There were lists of what not to do and how much you would be charged if you left the air conditioning on when you weren't in the room etc. You are required to go to 2nd floor for checkin.
It’s run wonderfully well with a very social atmosphere of a beer garden. The beach house can sleep up to 16 and features a pool, pool table, and ping pong table. All the guests and staff were friendly with a positive and fun energy. Overall, the next vacation I'll be choosing a different hotel to stay at. Reception area includes a great bar with cheap drink pricing. Also the bathroom shower had clear curtains and the window had not curtains at all so it was very uncomfortable getting washed, also getting dressed the kitchen window was huge with no curtains as well. All rooms are individually decorated, many with en suite bathrooms whilst others have shared bathroom facilities. Bikini Lodge offers luggage storage, airport shuttle service, laundry facilities, and multilingual staff. And there is little to no parking so good luck driving in Excellent service offered with many tours and night club options. Lincoln Road is less than a 10-minute walk from this hotel, and it's less than a five-minute walk to Whole Foods. Rooms styles include apartments, bunk bed apartments, studio apartment, and a beach house. it gets good ratings for a hostel and that is why I never have stayed in one. Advertised free WiFi thay didn't work the 3 nights we stayed. Ocean Drive is a 15-minute walk from this hotel, while Flamingo Park is just a two-minute walk away. Great centralized place to be able to walk to everything. I feel like pictures were taken when hotel was probably first opened!! Cons first - No wifi in room - Kitchenette was barely okay with limited items - Parking is $20 with limited spots. Price is cheap, and they do have rooms to accommodate large groups, but you are better off somewhere else. The Free breakfast buffet was boiled eggs, stale cereal, and warm milk that sat open in a pitcher. By the way, the accommodations are large with renovated bathrooms that were nice. Many tour and night club options available and offered at discounted prices. The stuff were pretty nice, they didn't miss treat us at all. The representative that greeted us had the most sour attitude. I thank the staff for a lovely time and stay. I would NEVER of booked this if I was told this before hand. Staff was pleasant but tried charging me twice because 1 didn't even know what Expedia was! We paid $100 a night and I believe the room should of been only 50/60 a night. They actually had us cut up one of their towels into a wash rag. It seems like a family run hotel with owners that care. The room itself looked as if it had not been cleaned in months. Breakfast consisted of 3-4 types of cereal, boiled eggs, juice and coffee. Accommodations were as wonderful as the vibrant city of S. Beach. If your under the age of 24, single and want to pay a cheap price go for it. If you at all want some comfort at an affordable cost go somewhere else. I’ve stayed here before and come back for the cleanliness, staff, location and amenities. Pros - Big room - Clean bedding - Breakfast included though limited - Beer garten atmosphere was nice I’ve been traveling to miami and this is the only place that love to stay. Bikini Lodge offers a variety of accommodation options and a party-like atmosphere in the heart of Miami's South Beach within walking distance to the beach. Don’t forget the bike rack and bikes available for rental. Dont fall into the misleading reviews... its not what they say. Studio was spacious, clean and staff members were all friendly. The a/c wasn't working,the refrigerator weren't cool enough to cool my drinks up so basically it wasn't working at all!!!
I was lucky to find this place in such short order. The sinks don't drain, the a/c didn't work, the showers were nuts and the tvs don't work in all the rooms. This was something I overlooked, so it was a surprise when I arrived at 1-ish. They were so rude about everything that I had 1 1/2 hour to find another place to stay or they weren't going to refund my money. Hotel was handy to get to the AFB for activities, but the access driveway was a safety hazard- you had to cross over exit ramp traffic just to get to it. However, there were no safety concerns outside of my own paranoia and preferences. Getting rest is not an option due to the horrible matresses and noise level. The place suited us for the time that we were there, as it took us to the base within a minute or two. Inexpensive rate and extremely pleasant staff made up for downfalls. There are alot of really young infants and toddlers so you will hear a lot of crying. I thought it was rundown for the price I paid. You can see the base from some rooms and it takes less than a minute to get to the gate. It was nestled behind a strip mall and difficult to make a left turn from vehicles coming off route 90. It did what we needed it to do- provide us with a place to stay so we could be there for the AFB graduation. We were told to go to the front desk to get clean ones only to be told they only had one left!! Staff was wonderful but I like to stay in a place I could relax in. They k re graduation info and supplied us with the info. But was expecting a bigger room.. one that was separate.. bed and then a sitting area... Had to wake up early because my spouse wakes up early This hotel was great for the location of where we needed to be every day. The breakfast leaves a lot to be desired, but there was decent coffee. Our bathtub did not drain first night but I told the front desk and they notified maintanance. It is definitely not worth what we paid for it! If you're staying there for the AF BMT graduations, then it's hard to beat location wise. The location was good, close to the Air Force Base. Graduates, I decided to book a room just for this sole purpose for my 4 night stay. Their non smoking room smelled of cigarettes and was filithy. This hotel is an extended stay meaning, families of what seem to be migrant workers live at this hotel. When I told the staff they told me that it's a San Antonio thing. Were informative on places to see and eat, and also where not to eat. They were definitely not as fast or neat as other hotels but it was about 6 miles from SeaWorld. The room I stayed was very clean but could use a little bit of updating/remodeling. My stay was Wednesday night til Monday morning for my son's Air Force BMT graduation. Had a fantastic 4 day stay, little more cleaning, but service was excellent. The cost of the washer was $1.50, which wasn't bad, plus they sell Tide and Downy at the front desk for $1.00 a piece (which you may want to buy two of, as one doesn't really do the job). A 24-hour front desk is present, as well as fitness and laundry facilities. Gave an overall 3 out of 5 mainly due to price. Places off base we are and that I'd recommend:  Delivery- Papa Johns (took 30 mins both times we ordered)  Riverwalk- Joe's Crab Shack  Riverwalk/Market Square- Mi Tierra Cafe y Panaderia** Highly recommenD We did not stay for breakfast, so I have no review of that. Our TV wasn't working the first night and they sent maintenance right up to fix it. I requested a smoking room,an it wasn't,so the hotel took 200 dollars for me smoking...Not Kool... The shower drain plug didn't work well and the hotel itself could use some updating. The La Quinta Inn San Antonio Lackland serves a free continental breakfast, and coffee or tea in the lobby. It's a motel and in the south and people from all over come to stay, so what do you expect?? Convenient location right next to base.comfortable and adequate but not too clean. Sink is clogged up  Bathroom is dirty  Beddings has stain Breakfast was good. Luke Gate (24 hrs) for the base is 2-3 mins down the rd. Hotel could use some upgrades, front desk was helpful with directions. Had to drive or trek over to the dining room each morning. We had to call and have someone come change the sheets and clean the toilet. I chose this hotel to try and avoid being caught in traffic during the ceremonies. The bathroom has a standing shower; the shower head needed cleaning, and the hot water was not immediately available. I got some decent sleep and felt rested the next morning. We had to constantly wear footwear so that our socks would not soak through. The hotel staff were very accommodating and helpful, but the hotel was old and dirty. The dryers also were $1.50 for 30 minutes of dry time...but you'd better bring a lot of quarters because they don't really dry very well in that time. The bathroom was very smalll, but the room was clean. However, the front desk attendant was very accommodating and asked her cleaning staff to get a room ready for me. We had no other issues the rest of the time were were there. However, my WORST fear came about on my 3rd night:  A ROACH!!! Knowing that everyone was coming for the Airforce BMT Graduation. This particular La Quinta is a motel - with the doors being on the outside of the building. Right next to the pool, though never had the opportunity to utilize it. Room was cleaned well every day but the smell never went away The Alamo, SeaWorld San Antonio and the San Antonio River Walk are within 16 kilometers from the hotel. The toilet need replaced as there were black marks in the biwl. Kind of dated, very small pool outdoors, etc.. nothing very fancy about it, but we weren't there for the hotel. However for the price I didn't expect it to be a 5 star. But during our one night stay, I had to crush TWO roaches. Room was clean, beds were comfortable, breakfast was delicious, and we were just minutes from the Air Force base, which was wonderful considering how stressful it is to drive around San Antonio! The front desk and the person (Fernando - I think) were very nice about the situation. La Quinta always has the friendliest staff and it’s important a they’ve are pet friendly Pest in room and parking was too close to other vehicles Traffic is super bad so plan accordingly, book a better hotel. Shower was not adequate, staff not able to address unavailable wi-fi over entire stay, only benefit was hotel was close to AFB And the drive to Sea world was less than 15 minutes depending on the GPS used. Linens were freshly laundered  (I did the sniff test beforehand) and the bathroom was squeaky-clean. Unlike other travelers, I don’t spend much time in the hotel to be so judgmental, especially if I’m on vacation so I would definitely stay again. The Lackland Air Force Base is a seven-minute drive from the hotel and downtown San Antonio is a 17-minute drive from it. The front desk can change out cash to coins if needed. Only good thing was that it was close to the Air force base. If you are only concerned with location to the Lackland AFB, then you may want to stay here!! I do not remember even a fence  - did not match star rating. The fridge definitely came in handy for storing snacks and leftovers, while the microwave provided convenience for reheating leftovers. Had to go out in the parking lot to get a connection. Rooms not cleaned on second day .Staff said they had no body to clean the rooms .Dirty hotel..stay away ..overpriced Also, our room was on the second floor, and by the second day, realized that our floor boards leaked water every single day. At first we thought we had dripped water on them from the shower, but then you could actually here the squooshing underneath the slats of the laminate. 1960's format exterior access to rooms with poor sound abatement to car noise. Aside from all of that, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating, and the continental breakfast is very decent. Good thing about this hotel is the location close to the AFB. Not putting too much weight into this but would be a different story if we had kids. Our room was okay but the toilet was nasty with lot of black stains and the flush handle dangling from the tank! There was a prong from a power cord stuck in one of the wall outlets we had to have their electrician/maintainer remove. We were in San Antonio to attend our grandson's graduation ceremony from Air Force Basic training and the hotel was in close proximity to the gate we were to enter Lackland Air Force Base. Hotel is dated but it was the convenience of staying so close to base for me. We had to call everyday to request towels and finally resorted to just buying instant coffee and cleaning our rooms ourselves. They are constantly up and down the urine smelling corridors. The rooms and suites at the hotel are equipped with flat-screen TVs, ironing facilities, desks and coffeemakers. Did not look like the pictures online and was more like a low level Motel then a Hotel. They ran out of washclothes the last 2 days of my stay. We originally booked a hotel on the other side of the road and found out that it was the nastiest place on earth. Right next to the base which makes getting to and in base very convenient. I was already prepared for them, so I was not surprised. About $16 to Uber to the RiverWalk if you decide not to rent a car. This only took 15 minutes, while I waited in the car. Some reviewers forewarned about pests, which I discovered were 3 small, black beetle-like insects, that died instantly with a few droplets of water. From pictures, appears the fitness center consists of a treadmill and elliptical. Great location to stay at for your sons or daughters BMT Graduation the staff will make your stay pleasurable and will help you in many ways to get you inside so you won’t have problems getting to see your Airman for graduation. The room wasnt worth the price i paid for, but i understand it was busy weekend for the city. I don't think it was just 5-6 miles from sea world it was about 8-9 miles. I will say the room was clean and the beds were clean and comfortable. Bathrooms have shower and tub combination with free toiletries supplied. They are very loud and once you add alcohol to this things get really bad fast. the staff is the reason i would stay there again very easy driving direction from the airport ------------ arrived about 11 p.m. and front desk clerk was very pleasant and helpful Being close to a military base they should try their best to make families welcomed and at home to see their service men and women after so many months. If you need to go to Lackland Airforce Base you could not pick a better hotel. It is close to downtown and it has morning breakfast included. We wished the pool stayed open past 10  but we understand noise levels. I did not have a chance to eat breakfast there since I had to leave very early but checking out was super fast and everybody was very helpful and amicable. Great location , easy access everything you need is near by - tight parking along a 8 foot deep concrete spill way. We were able to enjoy both of the pools a  couple of times while we were there. All in all it was ok i guess it was clean. I actually paid for a second hotel to stay in because this hotel was completely unacceptable but I had pre paid so I could not cancel the reservation. Our rooms were not cleaned the entire time we were there. Linens were clean and bed was comfortable but there were bugs in the bathroom... hair in the shower... and the floor by the mini fridge was soaked. Please note: those gates close in the early evening, so you'll have to drive all the way around to the main gate after a certain time. It was also convenient to hwy 90 and I-410 loop. I like laQuinta but didn't realize they had deteriorated so much. A person taking a shower in the next room keeps you from hearing the television in your room. Upgraded rooms also have minifridges and microwaves, and suites have separate living areas with sofa beds. Liked that it was right next to Lackland AFB where we were the entire weekend for my son's graduation. This hotel was dirty with large roaches crawling up the walls as we made our way up to our second story room with no elevator! During our stay, I had to do some laundry for my son (who just graduated from BMT). Room service took our towels and didn't even leave clean ones! Needless to say, we are worried that some got into our luggage. It has an assortment of things to eat from cereal, waffles, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, muffins, bread and bagels that you can toast, jellies, cream cheese, butter, oatmeal, juices, tea and coffee. (The “hot” and “cold” markings are not where you should turn the knob for hot water, so just keep turning - slowly - until you feel the water getting hot.) Baseboards to the shower were bowing and buckling, assume it's caused by water damage and structural flexing. Pros: Pools for kids Inexpensive Location Laundry  Cons: Room amenities Cleanliness/condition  My wife and I stayed a few nights for BMT graduation week. Son graduated from Navy A school at Lackland AFB this was the closest hotel. If your looking for a place near lackland this is the one to stay at. La Quinta Inn San Antonio Lackland is a two-storied hotel in San Antonio, Texas. The outdoor pool had a bit of a green tint to it, and also had a problem with algae, which was actually vacuumed the day that we arrived, but it didn't take long for it to return.
We had a great view overlooking the beach in a room with a handy kitchenette. It’s in a great area near the bay so you can walk everywhere instead of driving If I could rate it higher I would and I can't recommend this place high enough. There are a variety of room styles, ours was a studio with a kitchenette and it met our needs, except that it lacked dishcloths and towels and I felt sad to use the bathroom ones on dishes. I understand people need service animals and they are trained to do their job. The enclosed room was on the opposite side and did not have any ventilation. The hotel is just a short walk to the beach and to Belmont Park. The Bahia is on a peaceful peninsula in Mission Bay with water access in the bay and a host of water toys available. There were multiple pets and just left in the room barking. I couldn't say that much for their front desk staff. There are lots of activities to do on the property. The lighting was awful had to use my phone light to see. The place is nice, location is great and staff was super friendly. We got a suite so the kids could take a nap if needed but it just got too hot with the door closed. The food at the restraunt was terrible on several occasions and the staff there was equally unfriendly. There are lots of tropical trees around, so it makes it very enjoyable. For the price of the hotel, pretty run down rooms. The room was beautiful had its own little kitchen & each room was spacious. The Bahia Belle and her sister vessel the William D. Evans, are 1860s- era sternwheelers that tour guests around the bay during the evening, based upon the current season’s schedule. The hotel bar had a limited food selection but was okay. The private'' beach was just around the building and is good for little kids. It’s kinda old and worn around the edges, but great location on Mission Bay. I would recommend a Bay view room which has a nice balcony and a kitchenette. It was very clean and the chairs around the pool were comfortable. The service at the bar/lounge was very slow because they had only staffed it with one bartender/server and he was attending to 10 tables. The Bahia Resort Hotel is a stunning waterfront property located on a private 14-acre peninsula in San Diego’s scenic Mission Bay. The weather did not allow us to enjoy outdoor recreation that the location offered. The hotel could do some upgrades to the couches and carpet. Mission Beach with all it's glorious sand and surf is two blocks away, we spent a day there, and walked a loop that included the beach each morning. The carpet was old and worn, the bathroom floor tile was very old and cracked, the sofa was sagging and the walls/celing was stained and yellowed. We spent a day relaxing on the beach in the very comfortable cabana chairs. I get there, they gave me a room with view from the kitchen and no view at all from the room. Parking was convenient and it was nice to not have to pay extra for parking and resort fees. We are about mid way through a 2 month road trip across the USA and are here on holidays from Australia. I think they recycle water so it had an egg smell in one area but outside that it was an amazing stay. This hotel is directly on the beach on Mission Bay. Popular guest activities include sailing, stand-up paddle boarding, kayaking, surfing, tennis, and relaxing on the soft sand beaches or by the sparkling pool. The Jacuzzi was the largest we have ever seen and it was nice and hot too! The suite we were upgraded to by Kevin which happened to be a Bay side villa has been by far the most luxurious of anywhere we have stayed (many of which were far more expensive too)   The rooms are huge and the beds are absolutely amazing. How this place isn't a 5 star resort is beyond me. If they can't get it done earlier, then they should hire more maids. One night there was a party on the roof of the building we were in and it was nearly impossible to sleep because of the noise. and upon returning from our first day out to SeaWorld we were greeted with a fruit and cheese platter with a card saying Welcome to So-Cal. They hadn't even mentioned it to us when we checked in. The suite had 1 a/c unit attached to the main area next to the patio door. The pool was good and large enough to do laps. Smell got into clothes for the rest of the trip. The room had a small kitchen which was nice but the cabinet had crumbs and it was rusty and not very appealing. This hotel is in a wonderful location- close to major attractions. From the moment we drove into the resort we were made feel like royalty by the hotel staff. We enjoyed a lot the big hot tub , capacity 33 people, gym , bike rentals, we needed more time to rent a boat and discover the bay. The walls are basically paper thin so you could hear everything perfectly. Great location, the pool and hot tub were perfect, helpful front desk and the studio was perfect for a family. The pool was also large enough to accommodate all the other Spring Breakers. I honestly think we would have been happier at a best western or comfort inn. Wr tried 20 minutes early and could not get in. Tre at the front desk checked us in and matched us with the perfect room for us. No way are you fitting 2 people comfortably on them. It is hands down my favorite place I have ever stayed. First room was in need of some maintenance and was in a not-so-ideal location. With cruises nightly to their sister resort, beach access and even seals on property there's something for everyone! Not what I recalled from previous visits, albeit it was 20 years ago. Other than the issues we had, the rooms were clean and good enough. Loved the beach front location but would have preferred a newer and updated room. If you need all new buildings you will not be happy here. I wasn't looking for slate shower with a rain head, I was looking for peace and quiet, charm, and a place to relax and feel comfortable and the Bahia fulfilled that need in spades. However, the location is pretty much the only good thing about this place. The hotel rooms itself were a little dated expected more for the price. The staff goes above and beyond to meet all needs. The room service / housekeeping is beyond anything I've experienced so far. They have a couple of rescued seal on the property. I do not recommend this hotel and will never stay here again! Staff was great about switching, otherwise I was going to check out. On the photo of the room, it was very clear that the bed had a view! I call the front desk and they tell me they have no other room available. Excellent staff members who come to mind are Michaela, who helped us on the phone before our stay; Aaron, who checked us in and was very accommodating, and Jacob, who throughout our stay was helpful and friendly. This place is definitly dated and could use some renovations. Area was nice and close to a lot of things. Pool was warm and mission bay beach was right across the road. Good, clean, comfortable , we feel happy, have a good view , convinence. We spent much of our time in the chaise lounge chairs on our patio looking at the bay in the evenings. Rooms outdated, light fixture in bathroom rusty, tile cracked, paint on bath towels,air conditioner/ heater very loud. We stay in the regular hotel (not the beach front little hotel homes). The room we had was large, but in desperate need of updating (carpet, sofas). The location of the hotel makes it great for a family visiting Sea World and the local area. I loved the location and set up of the room. I quickly learned this is a young college hotel mostly. They moved us to another one without any issues and without any trouble which we appreciated very much. I had to change rooms, from the one room to a suite. Guests can walk to Belmont Park, an oceanfront amusement park, or opt for a quick ride to nearby attractions including SeaWorld and the San Diego Zoo. Dining options include our signature Mediterranean-themed restaurant Café Bahia, and our Moroccan-inspired Tangier Lounge. It is not a cheap hotel to accept anything other than exactly you have asked for. I had a good experience at your resort  In San Diego Loved that it had water views all around and it’s own private beach. It definitely needs its own a/c or some kind of air flow. The pool is heated and is open late (check with the front desk for hours). All the places we wanted to see were easy to get to from the hotel. Nice hot tub/pool area with FREE arcade room for kids! But it was large enough for a family of four. My kids loved the free wifi and the beach was close. Great hotel in front of the bay & walking distance to mission beach & Belmont Park. I cannot say enough about how great all the staff was. There’s also a private beach with comfortable sitting available for hotel guests. Was a little surprised to see how dated the room was. Otherwise it was clean and had a nice view of the bay. That really started us out on a great foot and nothing disappointed. Featuring friendly service and comfortable accommodations, as well as spectacular views of Mission Bay and lush tropical gardens, the Bahia offers guests a selection of deluxe guest rooms, studios and suites, each with its own balcony or patio. Also, many of the activities were overpriced so we did not attend the beach party or luau. This room will get hot during the day as the sun shines on it. Another problem with our room was that it was in the very back of the complex and behind us was a public parking lot and beach are where homeless people were living. The location was nice but it was not enough to justify the premium price. Kids loved the pool as it is 10 feet at the deep end! I had to call the front desk multiple times and they could not control these parties going on. Great location.. prices higher than should be... We stay here a lot but first time in this particular room type... bed was hard ..room smelled old. The hotel says no pets allowed, yet they have a card to place in the door to say there’s a pet in the room. Overall, the hotel is great & the staff are super helpful. The place must have been beautiful in the late 70s/early 80s, but it feels a bit outdated now. We were greeted by the front desk and they were very nice. Thank you Bahia staff for making us feel welcome and making out stay amazing, had the best birthday ever!! Enjoyed the stay at the resort very clean and a nice view of the fire works for the 4th room floors (carpet could have been cleaner) after a few minutes walking on carpet our feet were black. Pool is open until 11:00, so if you go to SeaWorld or Belmont Park you can still come home and hit the pool! Overall a nice place to stay, especially for a family and I would recommend it. The only negative thing I have to say is I booked a room with a garden view but what I got was a 4th floor view of some palm trees and the maintenance garage. There were lots of free family activities: arcade, ferry ride, movie night, watching the seals, jacuzzi, pool, and tennis! We were so unhappy with our stay and wouldn't ever go back. Unfortunately, the room and interior were very outdated which made the cleanliness seem sketchy. The hotel staff is very friendly and went above and beyond to give us a great experience . Bathroom needs to be updated but it was a good place to stay and I would go there again. Kevin went above and beyond any expectations we had and his customer service is so good I fear the rest of our holiday will be a disappointment compared to how we were treated here. The staff went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time. Stayed for a week in August in a Bay View Suite with 2 adults and 2 kids (ages 2 and 4). The hotel was in a nice location but it needs renovations especially the little kitchen and the bathroom and need new beds/new sofa bed. We had a Groupon and Belmont Park was so much fun! We ended up doing the Flowrider for an hour which is a large body/surfboard activity on the boardwalk by the beach! We ended up having to move a few times but Everytime the staff made sure we got a better room and also let us stay another night. While the property seemed a bit dated, the amazing staff MORE than made up for it. I can not thank Kevin enough for his amazing service. This hotel was so nice we got a suite on their private beach & it was great enjoying the view. We could hear the cars driving by from the main road and our room was on another road that had traffic coming through at all hours. We go to San Diego all the time and this was a great experience. The view was very good and we could easily watch the 5 minute fireworks display every night across the bay. We found a dirty sock left in the room by housekeeping. The hotel is right near the bay, a short walk to the beach and centrally located to easily get to San Diego's attractions. We also was given an upgrade to our reservations at no extra charge so we had a Bay beach view and a little cabana! The room was fine but old furnishings seemed like the set for a 70’s movie. The public can access the beach but most will probably head towards the ocean side so it was never crowded. The hot tub was spacious, which was helpful because many guests were sharing it at the same time! The resort has complimentry cruises up and down the Bay as well as 2 resident seals rescued by sea world which the kids got to watch being fed of a morning. Breakfast buffet, I ordered from the menu, and the omelet had a scent that wasn’t great. The downstairs neighbors partied till 2am waking up my child. We did not eat at the onsite restaurant because we wanted to spend as little time here as possible. The room was decent but we were expecting a much nicer facility based on the price we paid. Location was excellent free parking walk to the beach on the bay centrally located......will be staying there again....Staff was friendly. The seal pond was a treat and the grounds are gorgeous. Our first room here had a broken door lock and the water in the tub was rust colored. The AC is the old style that's not even controlled by a wall thermostat, so only one corner of our room would cool down. Sliding glass door to the balcony, you hear every ones when they open and close them. This hotel is located in a magic San Diego spot I did not feel comfortable using any of the utensils or glassware. Time to step it up and remodel the rooms especially when I’m paying $250 a night. We are definitely staying there again I have two boys they loved it, we went paddle boarding, kayaking all offered by the hotel at great prices, we didn't want to leave but we now know where to go for a great stay. The room had double beds and had a sliding glass door out to the garden area which lead to the pool. It is an older facility and it is showing its age in places, but to me that just adds to the charm and delight. We had to regularly call housekeeping to get our room cleaned before late afternoon. Upon arrival Kevin did everything in his power to make sure we had the best room possible and just made us feel like rockstars. We stayed one night and then moved to the grand Manchester Hyatt for the remaining 4 days of our trip. I made sure to choose exactly the room that I wanted with a bay view from my bed. Great place for family   Nice free arcade games. The staff was amazing, we were upgraded to a bay view room at no extra cost, the hotel is beautiful the breakfast was excellent and everything is walking distance to the beach, shops and restaurants. Also, wonderful breakfast buffet- free with bed and breakfast special. What a great place this has been for our spring break! Staff was very attentive and let us switch rooms with no problem. Food sampled in both the hotel restaurants was nicely presented and delicious. Never stayed at this hotel before.Very impressed.Walking distance to beach and restaurants.Short drive to Sea World.Deffinitly will stay here again. The part of the hotel where we stayed was very run down. Very expensive but that is San Diego at a whole. Beautiful area, always love what San Diego has to offer. Vanessa at front desk Check-in made our experience that much better. At night it was bearable but still too warm for our liking  There is a good amount of parking but if it is busy, you will have to do some walking. If you want a nice resort in the BEST location with a fabulous staff, then this place is for you. The only downfall is when we went to the restaurant to try to get dinner, they sat us right away, however after waiting 25 minutes for a waiter to even acknowledge us we left. Also thought that charging $54 for Christmas brunch was outrageous, especially when we could drive just a few miles away and get a good breakfast meal AND lunch for a total of about $40. I have booked a room on Expedia since I head this hotel was great. The room did not feel clean due to the humidity and dampness of the carpet and window coverings.
Never again will I step my foot  into another Days Inn. Guests may take advantage of the hotel’s complimentary continental breakfast, and some of the many other nearby dining options include Best of Philly, Villa Romana, Ho Wah Chinese Restaurant and Aladdin Restaurant. While I freak out, my husband throws the blankets on the floor. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME AND STAY HERE. Extension cords and wires hanging and the grout is moldy. I would have left but all other hotels were booked and I had a basketball team with me. I repeatedly contacted Wyndham hotels for them to make my experience right. Its a good hotel to stay at, the distance to the family kingdom is great like a 5 min walk.. just was not satisfied having to shower in cold water Maintenance guy just knocks at your door with no notice. The front desk attendant gave us sheets and towels and said there was nothing else he could do. A piece of paper on the floor, we left it to see what happened, it was there from arrival to departure. I got there and i ask her why she didn't answer my question, the Manager came out, me thinking he would help told me if you don't like the service you can leave. There was no cold water in the shower and it was scalding hot. It got better after the homeless people left their encampment outside my door. I bought room online but couldn't get into a smoking room bc it says non smoking online therefore this is no option that says smoking room. Water pressure in the shower wasn’t great, but it did the job...only took 20 minutes to shower off the soap. Charged us extra $5  made up fee that Expedia didn't cover. We go to put out stuff in the room and we open the,door to a room that wasn't cleaned. The other guests on the others rooms  were interesting , scary and loud. Bathroom not cleaned well, decades of cigarette smoke still in the air. The room smelled like it had been empty for a long time and the bathroom was just nasty. This necessitated an early drive to Denny's for breakfast, which was not free! We ended up  staying most of the day out. The hotel is in the process of upgrading their furniture that made the room noisy during the day. Stained sheets, towels and pillows Bathroom walls, floor and tub filled with black mold Cracks and holes in the walls Door knob literally fell off door frame Electrical outlets missing faceplates The blanket smelled like it was never washed in years. There was hair in the tub and toilet when we arrived. Paid an exorbitant pet fee of US $80 for two small dogs and saw numerous nearby properties with sighns saying small pets free. The sink leaked, telephone ripped out of the wall, no smoke detector, and bed bugs! My husband and I were laying down and all of the sudden I spot a roach on top of me. We spotted 3 roaches and ants inside our room.The bathroom floor was sticky, the tub was dirty, the toilet was stained and looked like it hasn't been clean for a few days. I have stayed in cheaper hotels than this and they were wonderful . I will be coming back here and recommending it to all my friends I mean, if you are going thru the trouble to keep water in it and keep it clean, you might want to heat it a little. It’s not a five star hotel, but who really spends that much time in their hotel room at the beach? We asked twice and were told someone would come to fix them....no one showed. The bathrooms were peeling paint and the bathtubs had water stains. First I rent a non smoking room, they give me smoking room, I’m allergic to that, the room was dirty, the shower was dirty too, what you see online on picture it’s nothing like never stay here again. Clean rooms, housekeeping staff very friendly and do an excellent job. Guests can choose between smoking and non-smoking rooms, all rooms feature free high-speed Wi-Fi, air-conditioning, a small fridge, a microwave, cable TV, a coffee machine, an iron and ironing board, a radio and a hair dryer. People running in and out and up and down the Hall all night and outside the room smoking weed I attempted to contact travelocity (no phone number that I could find anywhere) and when I went to the Travelocity web site and requested a call back I NEVER received one. Stayed in Mid November in a king bed suite room was very large. Our room had bugs in it and it wasn’t very comfortable. Lots of people just hanging out around the outside of hotel. Rooms could use updating carpets and fix up dings but overall was as expected but larger than expected When the cleaning staff didn’t leave us towels, management was quick to respond by giving us what we needed. The roach instantly disappeared and we were looking for the bug for over 10 minutes. Room had no working Air Conditioning; had Sleep number beds that did not function, had no working phone in the room. Travelocity may be good for booking but USELESS for support Had no room service, and paint was peeling from the tub, and shower was just a drizzle. The room was mom smoking and there were cigarettes and ashes all over the table. Really  Dirty, Even if you are in a budget, Do not stay there unless you like  weed smell everywhere  and disrespectful people . We didn't check in until 9 p.m. and there was no housekeeping. The smoke detector beeped in our room until a manager came and pulled it off the wall. Second night was Sunday and with limited traffic, no issues. Don’t think this property was up to normal Days Inn standards. This place is run down and not worth your hard earned cash. The front desk flatly refused to refund me for one night. There was a flood warning and I had to leave early. The tub was painted and the paint was floating around as we showered. First room sand was on the bed second room hair was on the floor only thing was ok was the breakfast. We got evacuated from our room at 10:40 PM up to 1:00 in the morning, Because one guess want to kill himself. The hotel boasts a heated pool, guest laundry facilities, ice and vending machines and on-site parking. I called the FD from my phone asking about the wifi, and phone and the lady was so rude, she hang up when i was asking something. The down side, the sleep number beds didn't work, either of them in our room. Not sure I would take the chance at this hotel again Light fixtures were unplugged; light cord over nightstand was stretched across the front of the headboard, almost on top of the pillow..   No tissues were provided, Restaurant's free breakfast opened at 7:30 on Saturday BUT we had to be at the airport by 7:30. The people/staff's conduct single-handedly flipped what would've been a don't stay recommendation to a fair value for the money recommendation. When we left the room, we saw another roach crawling on the door and it got into the room. This property is in a good location close to the beach, boardwalk and other amusements but is very old and tired. One big negative - doors (which lead to outside, not hallway) don't really stop any noise from coming through. Close to everything you need, beach, amusements, restaraunts all within walking distance. I will let the pictures speak for themselves, unfortunately I can only post 6. Hotel was average, but I would rate it above average with cost factored in. First night was Saturday an people drive up an down the road with loud exhaust. Upon our arrival the staff on the morning shift was ok. Then once we checked in, the room was nasty, old, stink, the bathroom was disgusting, we were scared to sit on the bed. We requested a non smoker room, the room we got stunk cigarette. It was a great price for a family of five on a spur of the moment trip. I contacted Travelocity via their web site, providing an email and contact phone number, on July 2 and still haven’t heard back as of July 5th. The Days Inn Myrtle Beach – Grand Strand is within walking distance of the beach, one mile from the Boardwalk and Ripley’s Believe It or Not, and a ten-minute drive from Broadway at the Beach and the Myrtle Beach International Airport. Now the room stank like a humid cigarette pit, there are roaches here. The Days Inn Myrtle Beach – Grand Strand offers accommodations within walking distance of the Family Kingdom Amusement Park. When we got here, there no one at reception, we have to call a number to get someone to check us in. Coffee pot did not operate where originally plugged in until moved to the bathroom vanity. Our room smelled like smoke and bad air fresheners, but when we turned on the air conditioning it fluffed the odor out enough to not be a bother. We looked under the mattress and we saw a huge whole underneath it and we just  couldn't imagine how many bugs were inside it. In 6 days only the towels were 3 times changed. The mattress was hard as a rock, you could smell weed everywhere and loud people at night. We had some bathroom clogging problems and Zeke fixed it for us! The price wasn't bad, however pay a little more, hopefully you will get a little more. Accommodations were acceptable, but at a days inn, I usually come to expect a little better than the regular run of the mill motels in myrtle beach, not sure I got what I paid for, but it is off season...oh well. The phone don't work, the internet don't work, nothing works. And i have a 1 year old, and my 9 year old brother. 2 days the internet was not working at all until some device was changed. The hotel is in need of renovation but the rooms are clean and the staff is friendly  Also I don't think you can get anything better in the area for the price  The beach it's right  across the street  and on the street  behind the hotel there are plenty of restaurants They allow pets, so there were some stains on the carpets. However, the hotel needs serious upgrade with electric outlets and the bathroom. And when I complained they responded “I guess we won’t see you back”. Then i went downstairs to figure out why are they so rude. Looks like a motel that needs a lot of help. At least I would have got the bang for my money. If I knew they would do that, I would have lived at the mariott. With a little fixing up will be a walk into the 1950's.
The hotel is very close to subway station though, this was a consolation. An elegant dining area offers guests a range of foods to enjoy on-site. We could also hear everything from the streets as if the windows would be open, but luckily the area was quite calm during our stay. A mini-bar is also offered and some also feature floor-to-ceiling windows or skylights. Prague Centre Plaza is a three-star hotel situated just minutes from the 14th-century plaza Wenceslas Square and the iconic Charles Bridge. Other features include meeting rooms, a 24-hour front desk and an airport shuttle service. The nearest metro station is just a five minute walk away, the Charles University is also close by and, for guests interested in fascinating history of this area, the Dvorak Museum is just a few minutes away. The main attraction and most central is the old town square and you can't walk there everyday, you will have to use transportation. Prague Centre Plaza features a spa tub, a sauna and massage treatment rooms. There's no air conditioning so take that into account if you're going in the summer. A complimentary breakfast buffet is also offered or guests can enjoy dining at any of the restaurants nearby including Etnosvet. This is a small hotel, located not really in the center... We had shown your confirmation mail still they were asking for payment. The hotel was located within a walking distance from the city center, but still on rather calm area. All in all price was low so it's good value for money if you don't expect prime location. Although we were having reservations they told no room is booked in our name. Guest rooms are equipped with Wi-Fi, flat-screen television and tea and coffee making facilities. Me and friend stay in hotel plaza in March .it was nice clean warm and cosy . the stay was nice and the breakfast was so tasty but the staff was not so friendly Our room was better than we thought based on the pictures, but we had holes on our sheets and the windows did not have any insulation, which resulted a cold breeze from the windows. We have not seen any room boy during our stay.
I think this is a good hotel, we just happened to have run into unusual issues. I stayed nearby hotels of similar type, where there is no parking charge for the guests.So, next time Residence Inn may not be my choice. The Residence Inn by Marriott San Diego Sorrento Mesa-Sorrento is an all-suite hotel located within six miles of the University of California-San Diego and the Birch Aquarium. We had a full suite with two bedrooms, each with a barhroom, and a living room and full kitchen. The next day they did not run the dishwasher but left dish soap. During my stay my room was not serviced the first night. The other times the room was cleaner than this time. As it was, we had to have a carpet dryer for a day but they did not pick it up for two days, I had to call them. Nice hotel with pleasant room, bit away from most facilities as on a business estate, but on the plus side was quiet with free parking and close to freeway. Next day the other toilet clogged but did not flood. However, the air conditioning was a bit loud and for some reason, on the second day I wasn't able to get on the internet. Check in and parking was fast and easy, breakfast was decent, and the pool was ok but seems to need a facelift (the ladder bar were super wiggly and rusted). Close to the hospital where our family member is now. Hotel is old looking but has other perks, such as breakfast, bites in the evening (similar to a light dinner), pool, small gym, basket ball/tennis court. But I had to call every day for something the housekeeping missed. The hotel features a business center and a heated outdoor pool. The front desk was corteous and quick every time I called. Very friendly service at the front desk for check in and check out. We stayed this last time for a quick weekend . Will stay here again if I need a room in the area. The rooms are spacious and having a mini kitchen is so useful. Very pleased with the room and met all my travel needs. The only part I didn't like was the location because it was farther from places. Everything was great here, would stay here again in the future. The amenities were good, the room was fresh and the bed/bed linens were clean and welcoming. Staff was more then helpful and pleasant housekeeping did a great job.. one thing they do need to get the laundry room / dryers fixed asap only one working making it hard to dry clothes waited 2 hours to dry clothes The hotel offers studio, one, and two-bedroom suites, each one equipped with amenities such as full kitchens, 42” flat-panel TVs, and complimentary Wi-Fi. My friend had come all the way from the UK to celebrate her 50th birthday when we told the front desk, they gave us a bottle of wine. We have a family of five so the two bedroom suite was perfect for us. We had 6 girls in the 2 bedroom suite and it was perfect! The only thing I didn't like was people from unit upstairs were so noisy, other than that everything was fine. I had to call for dish washer soap every day but the first, and for towels several times, for toilet paper once. And their breakfast is surprisingly delicious and complimentary ..yes complimentary! We loved our cozy studio Nice big screen TV Cool style The only thing is the bushes surrounding the pool have many bees. I called front desk but they did not show up for half an hour. The room was ready less than 1/2 am hour later,  thank goodness Nearby dining options include the Karl Strauss Brewing Company, Chili’s Grill & Bar, and El Torito. The first day our room was fully serviced and the dishwasher was run. One thing I did not like is the parking charge of $8 per night. Bees were trying to build a nest in the water spout off the Jacuzzi. They have a light snack hour from Monday to Wednesday, nice if you don't want to go out. Facilities at the Residence Inn by Marriott San Diego Sorrento Mesa-Sorrento include a fitness room, a sports court, and a hot tub. Everything is good, I will book this hotel if I going to San Diego next time But besides that it was very enjoyable and all the staff were very friendly. We had a group of 5 families and they were able to put us in the same floor so we could stayed together. The hotel lies within ten miles of the Del Mar Race Track, within 16 miles of SeaWorld San Diego, San Diego Zoo, and the Gaslamp Quarter, and 22 miles from LEGOLAND California. Other conveniences include a patio and BBQ area, a convenience store, and free parking. This 2 bedroom suite is perfect for a traveling family. Check in was great and the staff couldn't have been nicer. We enjoyed clean room, very friendly staff, clean BBQ grill, fire places, and basketball court. On this stay, both bathrooms had hair on the floor when we arrived. The last two days we got our beds made but no dishwasher running, no new soap, no shampoo, the table, stove and counter tops were not wiped. If I have not mopped up with towels, the whole bedroom would have flooded. We have stayed at this hotel numerous times And it’s always wonderful. The service was so awesome people are extremely nice and welcoming This is our hotel of choice When we visit San Diego Most guests appeared to be consultants for Qualcomm in the area, and this is very convenient for them. TV remotes were horrible and it was not fun to watch TV with dimmed brightness and color variations. Breakfast had the basics: scrambled eggs, sausage, waffles, fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, granola, coffee and tea
The window didn't close properly there was a one-two cm gap so the wind blew in and was rather cold. The hotel serves both a full English and continental styled breakfast for guests in the breakfast room. The room could have been so much better - it was okay but tatty and in need of some tlc. This was on a March day when outside temp was close to zero or maybe even below at night. there was no duvet in the room just an old smelly worn out blanket. Shabby, dated, not enough sockets to charge devices,  carpet didn't cover the whole floor, tv didn't work, bathroom sink in bad repair, beds uncomfortable and squeaky. Was only after something secure simple and clean so was satisfied.. the only issue was my window having a basement room and the only window being to a internal courtyard where people seemingly dropped cigarettes out their windows so there was smell of smoke which was my only issue... gave the place a dodgy feel but other than that reasonable budget accommodation... good access to tube a boris bike station... Poor and wouldn’t stay again even if it were free. very nice hotel close to city centre nice breakfast will return on my next trip to london. Hyde Park is practically at the doorsteps of the hotel, with shopping along Kensington’s High Street across the park. i should have read reviews of previous guests before l booked because their reviews were all similar to mine. This really was the worst description of a so  called hotel. The bed and breakfast-styled hotel is family run with a 24 hour concierge service and luggage storage. Worst hotel ive stayed in room was cold there was only a sheet on bed The room was in the basement with a door lock that really didn't want to work until the key was at just the right angle. My room was so cold as the only way to worm up was hot shower. Shoddy room, taps Loose on sink, room door very flimsy and quick push would fall through, beds awful,old and uncomfortable, kids beds noisy on moving slightly,  staff uttered a few words throughout booking in and not one on booking out. Coffee and tea making facilities looked like they were just thrown on a cupboard top. A tube station is right by the The Apollo for easy access to the rest of the famous city. The day after that, the receptionist confused me with another guest and tried to fine me £160. Was old and run down hotel that needs refurbishment and cleaned. The front desk didn't have a card machine so I was informed I had to go and get cash. If you're looking for a budget-friendly option, this hotel may be a good choice. After returning to the Apollo hotel the next day, I was given the wrong room and then asked to move to another room. The replacement room I got in exchange was cold, there was no central heating only a tiny oil radiator. That said, be aware of what you're getting yourself into. Tried to tell them there were bed lice and that we were bitten. The price-per-night was nice and the location is convenient, but I don't think it was worth the hassle in the long run. I think it is all I would do in this hotel. There is no bar or restaurant but ask the staff about great places to eat nearby. Only had low expectations, just a cheap night away, but managed to disappoint me. The windows don’t close, the bedding is ancient, a very embarrassing place for tourists to stay When I went to check out early on the last day, the receptionist was sleeping on the couch in the lobby and seemed upset when I woke him to ask for check-out instructions. All guest rooms have en-suites, TV, telephone, tea and coffee making facilities, a hairdryer, free Wi-Fi at a rate with modern furnishings and facilities. I've been sleeping in cheap London hotels like this and even cheaper since November 2016 but this was the first where I found bedbugs. It was a one night stay and I would not have wanted to stay any longer If this was listed as a hostel, I'd say, good, clean, basic, affordable. On the whole you get what you pay for - a cheap hotel to lay your head for the night. The rug in the room as well as the bed smelt. We had to leave after 1 night as it was filthy, the furniture was broken and the light fittings looked dangerous. The The Apollo Hotel London offers affordable accommodation located just off Bayswater Road and London’s famous Hyde Park. After I had completed my check-in, I was told there was a water problem (evident by the mattresses and rotting wall board lined up against the lobby wall) and that I'd have to spend the first night at another hotel. Needed a hotel in london to just sleep after meeting friends and travelling away from home. the worse stench l have ever experienced came from the toilet. I would have expected at least a partial refund for having to change room at 10pm, but except a sorry we didn't know there are bedbugs and will not happen again there was no action.
Each apartment comes with a basic breakfast pack on arrival including cereal, milk, tea, coffee, shortbread/flapjack and water. Superb basement apartment however I booked a 'city view' room and none of the SACO staff I called on my arrival (no staff are present at this establishment on a radical) pursued my issue. I would stay here again however I'd like to have the room I book. SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court offers accommodation in London. Theatre Royal Drury Lane is 800 metres from SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court, while Lyceum Theatre is 900 metres from the property. All units feature a seating area with a flat-screen TV, iPod docking station, and DVD player. A microwave, a toaster and refrigerator are also featured, as well as a kettle. The basement room didn't have any air conditioning and it was very warm. There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven. The nearest airport is London City Airport, 11 km from SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court.
The kids were so disappointed after waiting all day we let them get in anyway. Clean room, excelent staff, breakfast was ok. Hotel price reasonable. The receptionist should have stated, Sir, you will park in back of the hotel. The description of the rooms on hotels.com said the rooms had two queen beds. Wife left behind some items, she called the front desk and was told items would be sent to our house. They need to give these rooms a thorough cleaning with bleach and a vacuum. The second reason was there is no restaurant or bar and grill within walking distance and very few options for food delivery. The helpful assistance of other hotel personnel was, however, fully evident. Only making the bed, leaving trash on the tables, and leaving the iron and ironing board pulled out instead of stored away in it's place. We have stayed in many hotels around San Antonio and some are better than others but we won't stay here again. The bathroom door was rotting and there was rust and flaking paint on the door jam. There are locations within driving distance for other food and drink. After taking them in to shower off I pointed it out to the receptionist and she said they had just treated the pool. Have stayed at this hotel before while visiting family in San Antonio. Only there for 1 night, but it was in a great location for what I needed I choose this hotel over others that only had double beds based partly on this fact since one of the gentleman in our party is over six feet tall and needed a room with two beds. Stayed here for a few hours after going to a concert and the room was clean and the staff was very friendly. Check-in time was 3:00 p.m., but our room was not ready. My kids enjoyed swimming in the pool and pool was clean. All total, the experience was not the best and not the worst. I probably will not choose to stay at this hotel again. If you need a baggage cart, one will be inside the back entrance for your convenience. I was disappointed by this hotel for two reasons, first it was listed as an airport hotel and it didn't have an airport shuttle. I would have given this hotel 5 stars if there had not been three small issues: 1) very noisy fan in bathroom that became even louder, 2) depleted box if tissues after using only two, with no backup in room, and 3) way too crowded of an eating area at breakfast--- smallest I've ever seen! One should not treat a guest in that fashion, but should be ready to go the extra mile, especially when the request is small. Last week im in vegas staying at the Delano in a suite, this week in San Antonio at the holiday inn??? The tub had a really tough time draining and filled up with ankle deep water when we took showers. The air-conditioned rooms feature flat-screen TV, ensuite, hairdryer, phone, desk, free Wi-Fi, refrigerator, microwave, tea and coffee maker, ironing set and daily housekeeping. An employee kept pacing around waiting for us to leave even though we arrived there at 9AM and breakfast ended at 9:30. Holiday Inn Express & Suites San Antonio-Airport North is near points of interest like North Star Mall, SeaWorld San Antonio, Six Flags Fiesta Texas, the Shops at LaCantera and corporate locations like Chase, Tesoro and Valero. Regarding the breakfast, the cinnamon rolls had a hard outer layer. Breakfast lady not helpful at all with a very bad face at all times. Holiday Inn Express & Suites San Antonio-Airport North is minutes from the San Antonio Zoo. We had to wait an additional 15 or 20 minutes for a room to become available. Suites are also available in feature extras like sofa beds, microwaves and refrigerators. One of our rooms didn't have any towels and we had to call the front desk and have some brought up. Shortly after the kitchen was officially closed, but while the door to the hostess quarters was still open, my wife asked for a minor accommodation with regard to her coffee and was curtly refused by an unsmiling and unfriendly hostess, because the kitchen is now closed. The pool was so cloudy you couldn't see the bottom. The free breakfast was lacking but at least it was hot. The wood dresser where the refrigerator was was splitting at the bottom. I didn't get a chance to try to the continental breakfast because we woke up too late. The hotel was filled with guests, but there was only one elevator. Since my car was in the front of the hotel, I had to push the cart around the building to my car in order to unload my baggage onto the cart. This hotel does not have any queen beds in their hotel. Great staff and good water pressure in the shower that's always a plus for me. Called hotel and spoke to receptionist who confirmed she would have a room. The room was very small and the shower was full of mold and mildew. There were no signs at the pool warning swimmers that the water had just been treated. Guests can enjoy an Express Start Breakfast buffet at no charge. While the facade looks good, there was mildew in the bathroom, thick wads of dust behind the furniture and humid in the room, even with the air on. The smoke-free hotel offers free parking, limited front desk hours, front desk safe, laundry facilities, dry cleaning service, ATM, meeting rooms, business center, fitness center, ice machine, outdoor swimming pool and spa tub. Soon after checking in we took our children to the pool which looked beautiful in the pictures. Had requested room with accessibility for sister who was in a wheel chair. Very clean the only thing that did not work was the dryer other than that everything was good Baggage carts were located next to the back door rather than in the entrance area of the hotel. Unfortunately, the wait for an elevator around checkout time was inordinately long and frustrating. After a few minutes in the pool they starting itching and breaking out in hives. hotel was beautiful but could have done without the frog croaking all night. It was in a quiet part of town and the check in process was very easy.
Nice hotel near beach, very nice and clean room and I love the bathroom, hardwood floors, full size mirror on the back of closet and very comfy bed. I have only written great reviews before and this is my first negative experience worth writing about. Great location for those seeking a Miami Beach experience in a more serene way. Lastly, and the most annoying was a squeaky bathroom door. The valet personnel seemed under-trained but the rest of the staff, especially the bar and restaurant staff excelled at making us feel at home. The air conditioner seemed to quit and the room temp got hot/humid. Also, if you want to sue the shuttle, you have to make a reservation FOR THE SHUTTLE ahead of time. Also it was quite close to south beach and ocean drive. There were a few minor issues with our room, that we wanted taken care of. We stayed here for my birthday weekend just my friend and I. Thank you for making my sweetheart’s birthday weekend special and memorable! I arrived here around 2:45 pm right before check-in I was very tired from driving and stressed from all the traffic I am not used to. It was just that the rest of the hotel still seemed a bit seedy. On the first night, the valet got into an accident with my rental vehicle when going to park. This really changed the trip and my feeling about hotels.com guaranteeing rooms for amy future stay - I will reconsider booking through them. Room Odee small for the price they made me think I had a bigger room then what I Paid for Bed was a little to soft but not a big deal. Overall my hotel stay was non eventful, but I would have appreciated a better attitude from the front desk Hotel Facilities and Condition is very old and backward, and my room is very small. Only thing did not like  my room across for elevator heard other people conversations thin walls. I have never been treated so rudely and with such disrespect ever. I highly recommend using Uber or not a bad walk to South Beach. We arrived 4 hours before check in time but we were able to use the hotels facilities while we waited which was awesome! The double rooms didn't have much space to move around and the pool was very average. Also, the room does not have napkins, only have toilet paper, so you have to bring it yourself. Close enough but far away enough from the hustle and bustle. But when the rooms were finally ready they were going to put us on floors 2 and 3. The staff at the hotel were AWESOME, so kind and inviting and helpful at every shift we encountered. Each time my wife or I used the bathroom in middle of the night, the other one woke up. visited with my daughter and had a very good time. It took ages to sort out and some insisting from us. Highlights (onsite): Clean room/very comfortable King bed Onsite Tavern restaurant open 23 hours a day  Romantic view of the stars on the rooftop deck FREE happy hour for guests everyday 1-2 block proximity to the beach FREE Miami Beach trolley stops in front of hotel Already mentioned friendly staff but worth noting again  Other: Versailles for great Cuban food (Calle ocho) Ball & Chain (live music/club) LT Steak & Seafood at the Betsy hotel I would like to see a fan in the bathrooms thought. Nice amenities - free yoga class on Saturday, with an excellent instructor; rooftop area with great views; 1 block from the beach; free cocktail hour. However we were the first ones to check in that morning and we asked for a top floor room and were told it shouldn’t be a problem. I loved everything about Croydon, the service was great we arrived early from our cruise and they allowed us an early check in, we relaxed on the beach that is literally 1 block away on lounge chairs that are included for guests. I stayed for four nights and my room was never cleaned and I never received fresh linen or towel. Restaurant open 24 hrs a day and it goes out to a patio on Collins Ave so if you want sleep don’t get a room on the front, especially on a lower floor. Nice and quiet, away from South Beach madness, but right on the free trolley line. The location, staff and amenities were perfect if you are vacationing with your significant other. It was greatly appreciated, that's is to the hotel staff. The hotel set up the room for me with flowers, rose petals and a bottle of champagne. I paid more than 100 dollars of parking in three nights. I'm 18 and I know I was being taken advantage of. The rooms however are very nicely appointed, with a very contemporary clean look! also the restaurant is poorly managed - we ate there 3 days and it was easy to see they need more help - it took 1 hour to get a caprese sandwich and no one to get coffee - they have a coffee station that is not set up. But when we checked in, we were told the double bed booking wasn't guaranteed (which was identified no where in our email confirmation) so we would have to pay $40/night if we wanted anything other than one king bed. Great spot for nighttime and you can take food from the restaurant up there. Hotel Hotel Croydon offers four-star luxurious accommodations in the Mid-Beach area and has recently been voted as one of Miami's top ten "best new hotels." location and price in main reason why I pick the hotel, I am happy with my picked. We went with the valet but weren't happy about it. I have yet to get an itemized bill for my stay. There seemed to be a lack of staff working at this hotel. The room was clean and the hotel staff was wonderful. The hotel was right across the street from the beach, they have a bar and a restaurant, although we didn't eat there the food looked and smelled great. We were with another couple and their room was ready at 4:00 so we went there. The lobby and all the public areas (pool, restaurant, etc.) I reported this each of the 3 mornings that I was there, and it was never fixed. I was put on the second floor which I was uneasy about. The first night, the AC was not working, it is very hot. I was told I needed to drive around for a half hour before I could check-in. There is  few power plugs, especially bedside the bed  there is no power plug. When they did our door would shake as if they opening ours. I complained and it got better for about an hour. He further stated that we never brought it up with maintenance, when we clearly did! Not too far from South Beach and across the street from a great beach with food and drinks delivered to you on the beach. We were able to book a day trip to key west with the help of the staff, they helped us with the sightseeing tours and we had a good stay. The boutique hotel offers over one hundred double rooms and penthouse suites with views of the ocean that can accommodate a party of four. We had a great stay, the rooms were very nice and clean, the beds were super comfy and spacious. All the benefits of Miami Beach (cross the steer and you're at the beach!) The rooms feature top quality bedding and furnishings, iHome docking station, flat-screen TV, and designer bath products. All hotel staff were amazingly kind, the restaurant and coffee shop sold qualitly food and beverages. The staff was the worst I have ever experienced in my life. I spoke to the manager in the morning he offered to move me but said it is a quieter room and my neighbor left that morning that he would put someone else there that day. It took us about 10 minutes from hotel to parking area. Also, The front desk staff never answered the phone and were not very helpful in sharing where anything is in the hotel. The check in was very slow and our room wasn’t ready until 5:00. Our neighbor opened and shut there door about every minute! are small, compared the the big name hotels on the Miami Strip. That night we had a young couple partying in their room openekng and shutting their door constantly! The hotel charges over $40 to valet park your vehicle. Loved the cute coffee shop and the onsite restaurant... hotel is walking distance to the beach.. staff is extremely friendly...just a great experience!! the staff was friendly the room was nice and clean! The rooms are clean and the beds are super comfy! Since we had arrived at 9:30 a.m it was a pain but they stored our bags. Then they started playing videos in the hallway on their phone. It's a shame the hotel didn't have room service, otherwise I would of agree'd with the 3.9 star review. I booked 5 rooms with 9 people groups, spend 2 days in Miami. Check-in and checkout: Lázaro, Franklin, Junior & Preston made it an easy breeze, thank you all! My friend and i had a great 3 days at hotel Croydon. The price we paid made sense for what the hotel offered. There are much better places to stay in South Beach. Small work and this would have been a much better stay. we paid a fee to have an extra guest in the room but when we went to get chairs to sit on the beach, they wanted us to pay extra for another chair. Miami beach is a two-minute walk away with various clubs nearby. It really is just a lack of respect for other people. They have a heated pool, which was perfect for a quick dip. You hear most of your neighbors while you’re inside your room The only problem with the room was one of the double beds was like sleeping on a marshmallow it was painfully soft. A very good hotel, possibly best budget option in the 4 star range (though it used to be cheaper). We were going to the hotel for a trip with friends and for a wedding- however our friends were moved to another area because the hotel overbooked  we were not able to have dinner together or breakfast because Miami is too hard to get around by car. The room was immaculate and nicely updated, we hung out on the roof that had great beautiful views. The rooftop was quite fun and chill although the view was nothing special. I don’t like a lot of noise but was told that it was a quiet room. I had to deal with the entire incident and pay out of pocket up front for damages while waiting for reimbursement from the other driver's insurance. Guests are invited to enjoy the on-site holistic spa and fitness centre, relax in the pool area, or have a drink amongst friends on the rooftop terrace with views of the sea and Miami. A broken plug for the desk area, which they fixed right away, a clock that had the wrong time (and even me being quite tech savvy, could not change), which they tried but never fixed. They did give us a late checkout because of that. The food too was good, and the beach is very close to the hotel. I was happy with the hotel location and it was great that the beach was just a short walk away. It took them one hour to bring my car to me upon check out, which i had to pay $40 for this service. What was really upsetting, and frankly insulting, is that we mentioned this to the Hotel Manager, Roberto, he said that it could not be. very friendly staff, and the restaurant at main floor is huge plus for this hotel, 7pm - 8pm happy hours free drink is the reason we stay in the hotel for dinner 2 night in a row. Hotel restaurant wasn't bad, which is usually all you can ask for in a hotel restaurant. It was a very bad tasting ending to an otherwise nice trip. The room was small too, you barely can walk in the room. They do have a rooftop, however the night we wanted to go up there was a wedding and we didn't get to see it, however the MOD suggested we go to the 7th floor observatory, which was just as beautiful. I love the boutiqueyness of the hotel and the free shuttle to airport, access to the boardwalk and beach chairs- the restaurant needs front end help ( maybe a few bus servers) it has a good feel to it - it is a shame we ended our trip without spending time with our friends who were moved to the tradewinds - which by the way, is a rundown place to stay - we did a lot of research to choose this hotel - I am very concerned that this can happen. I did for a while and ended up parking my car in the street going in and basically telling them I wasn’t waiting anymore. The pool area was pretty small, and I was only tempted to swim in it once considering the beach was so close. It was clean and lined with plenty of spaces to sit and/or lay down. The overall hotel was nice, but the staff was horrible. The Hotel Hotel Croydon has a full-service restaurant and bar with late night service and a happy hour with complimentary drinks. But it would have been nice, if it would have been done courteously, instead of just lying to us. The hotel is close to all the major things to do in Miami for a short car/Uber ride. It was a great choice  and the staff was VERY FRIENDLY. One concierge, one bartender for happy hour drinks, only a few servers in the restaurant. I travel between 8-12 times a year and I have never stayed in a hotel like this before. Was a little apprehensive when we pulled up because I thought we were more in South Beach but I think Mid-Beach was better for us. Either we had to pay the meter every three hours or pay for valet parking. The hotel still charged the $42.80 to park the vehicle.
They are individually designed in a grand style and feature antique furnishings alongside the very latest in state-of-the-art facilities. Best hotel in Vienna, location, staff, service is absolutely five star. In addition, one morning our coffee cups which had a revolting egg smell. From the first moment to the last we were treated with exceptional service by friendly staff. This is the second time we have enjoyed our stay!! Again, this is rather unusual for a 5 stars hotel where giving options and choice to the guest is paramount. Services, some of which are complimentary, include a spa and wellness centre, as well as a business centre. Such a delicious variety of breakfast items including the famous Sacher Torte. The residents' lounge was gorgeous as was the green restaurant where we had a fabulous meal. We spent three nights at the Sacher to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary and a significant birthday. One of the most beautiful hotels we have ever stayed in, real old-world glamour. We were required to pre-book it however, at no time, we were asked if we had any food allergies in order to ensure that all guest can enjoy the ‘set menu: this was rather difficult as one of us is dairy intolerant and therefor This is a rather unusual set-up for a 5 stars hotel. And of course the Cafe Sacher, and a Sacher torte is a must! We ordered a Strudel and a glass of champagne amongst other food. It lies less than 400 metres from The Vienna State Opera and is a popular haunt for celebrity guests. Have stayed at several excellent hotels in Vienna and this was the best. Although this is an iconic hotel, it is not a place I would recommend to a guest that expects a 5 stars hotel experience nor a quite stay, away from the crowds. The Cafe Sacher Wien offers an appetising start to the day and an introduction to Vienna’s coffee-house culture. The Strudel was cold and the paste like chewing gum and the champagne was “flat” and not cold enough. Very beautiful  hotel in the traditional Grand style of Old Vienna. We felt very cared for and enjoyed a small slice of the ‘Grand life’. The staff were, without exception, all charming and most helpful. It is less than 800 metres to the many stalls at the vast 16th-century Naschmarket and to the mediaeval catacombs of St. Stephen's Cathedral. The waiting time was long, the cups were dirty and the tea pot chipped in addition we had tourist starring persistently through the window and taking pictures of the guest – which should not be allowed. The rooms they served our daily breakfast made us feel like royalty. The hotel offers several restaurants, bars and café however there is no area dedicated to the hotel guests only, as a result we were forced to rely on luck to be able to enjoy even any of the sitting areas. Restaurant Green Bar is the on-site venue for traditional dining with an international twist. Currency exchange and the airport shuttle are arranged via the 24-hour front desk. Everything worked, everything was elegant, beautiful and just as importantly eminently practical. Concierge helped us make reservations for dinner before we arrived and got back to us quickly. Opened in 1876, the luxury Hotel Sacher Wien has always blended harmoniously into the world’s most famous waltz city. Every morning we had breakfast at the hotel, however the only option was a rather expensive buffet. Finally, we had the Christmas day lunch based on a ‘set menu’ at the hotel.
The teceotion irganised everything beautifully , found it next to the safe & irganised a FEDEX pick up & delivery ever so helpfully!! Hotel let us in early, but was disappointing and tiny. Wifi was very fast, not that you're in the room too much with so much to do. Had we had more time I would have loved to explore the neighborhood a lot more. Everything you would want to see is within walking distance. Although we communicated with them in French, we heard them interacting with other guests in English and their English is perfectly fine. If you're not in the mood for eating out all the time, there's a Carrefour market about two blocks away that has every food and drink you could possibly want. Very kind and helpful staff when one member of our party was taken ill.  Couldn't have asked for more. Hotel did not have an adaptor I could borrow for charging my phone. The hotel is convenient to attractions and bars and restaurants. Our toilet and bathroom were split into two rooms, not unexpected in France but apparently the only room on our floor with that arrangement. Hotel is tucked away just off the Boulevard St. Germain, not far from the Odeon metro station. I forgot my purse in my room & went back to London without it. If you like the left bank, 15 minutes from Notre Dame, Latin Quarter, Luxembourg gardens, in the heart of St. Germain des Pres, this lively, lovely boutique can't be beat. Hôtel de Fleurie is well-located on the popular left bank of the River Seine and is positioned in the centre of the Saint Germain area. The Boulevard St. Germain itself offers a huge amount of other shopping opportunities. Just off Boulevard St Germain, less than 2 mins walk from Odéon stop on Metro 4, direct line from Gare du Nord. The hotel provides guests a 24-hour front desk, multilingual staff, safety deposit box, luggage storage, meeting rooms, business centre, babysitting service, laundry, bicycle rental, car hire, tour desk, concierge service and nearby parking garage. Attractions like the Louvre, Tuileries Gardens and Notre Dame Cathedral are nearby. Hôtel de Fleurie, off Saint Germain Quarter, is within walking distance to local shops, public transit and the Luxembourg Gardens. I wasn't familiar with that area of town but was very pleasantly surprised. Food options at the hotel include a breakfast buffet and in-room breakfast service, with other eateries nearby. Location was central but slightly off the beaten path so it was quiet. We were pleasantly surprised by the quaint and quiet little hotel with an abundance of charm sitting off one of the main streets of Paris. The bed was large enough to sleep the two of us comfortably. Through a mistake on our part, they went out of their way to help us several days after we left for home. Parisian styled, air-conditioned rooms feature satellite TV, free Wi-Fi, telephone, minibar, in-room safe, ensuite and hair dryer. Our room was a little small and sparsely furnished, but comfortable and clean. The bathtub was small, though, not long enough for me to straighten my legs out while seated (I'm 6'4/1.95m). Perfect place to come back to after a long day of exploring the city! On our next visit to Paris be sure we will book Hotel de Fleurie. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, quiet room to use as a home base to explore Paris. There are plenty of wonderful restaurants located around the hotel which felt very safe yet lively at night. Hotel de Fleurie is a great little hotel with adequately sized rooms and friendly service. The rooms on the street can be a bit noisy, but they are larger than rooms away from the street. There's a very nice bakery just around the corner to the south, and restaurants galore within a two-block radius of the hotel. St. Sulpice and the Luxembourg Gardens are within a short walk to the south, and the Seine, Ile de France, and Notre Dame are about a ten minute walk to the north. Also, just around the corner is a small bakery where you'd pay just to walk in and breathe. Smallish room but excellent facilities inc fridge and mini bar.
Each air conditioned suite features a fully equipped kitchen with utensils. I also requested an Allergy Free Room, which was ignored. We really enjoyed our stay there, and enjoyed the breakfast in the morning. The Staff was very accommodating and tried to assist in any way:) A suggestion only, to please keep all the animals on 1 floor and in a certain area only. Situated only 1.5 km from The University of Central Florida, Residence Inn Orlando East/UCF Area features free on-site parking as well as complimentary Wi-Fi throughout. These hotel rooms are dated in both furnishings and finishes. The housekeeping staff does a great job of keeping them fully stocked with all the necessities, especially in the kitchen area. Probably a much better deal if I had my family, and wanted to take the time to cook. Residence Inn Orlando East/UCF Area features an outdoor pool with a hot tub as well as a fitness centre with free weights. The property had a leak in their pipes which shut off the water for hours without warning. The room was sufficient if you need a place to stay near UCF. So, staff stole and didn't care about what I felt. Hotel staff did nothing to solve the problem of water coming through the floor in the kitchen and wet carpeting. Another concern was that Pets were allowed in the Hotel, which I don't mind, but what about Fleas, Pet Dander and Noise Control to the other Guests who have Allergies or don't want to hear a dog barking at 3.00 am in the morning. I did not make use of the kitchen but having a full size refrigerator in your room makes a lot of noise so I had to turn that off. I could've ended up in the Hospital, which happened before with another Hotel. This hotel is located in Quadrangle Office Park and within walking distance to Lockheed Martin. That did not help my family out during our stay. It took a long while to bring sheets and we have to do it. It was the perfect location for our visit to UCF How do we know the room is totally Dander and Flee free for a normal guest to stay in after the doggie visit. Guests can enjoy a range of freshly prepared foods each morning for breakfast as well as a cup of tea or coffee. I was just an overnight guest, so the suite wasn't important to me. Front desk simply said engineering will look at the room next week. But quiet location and near restaurants walking distance if you want. Guests can also find Brighthouse Networks Stadium in the surrounding area. It was fine for one night because it was close to our destination the next morning. I forgot a jacket on the closet l, not only it disappeared but also they didn't answer my calls and didn't follow up in the matter. The living area provides guests with a seating area with a flat screen TV and a dining table. Great price on a well run hotel that is surrounded by more expensive hotels. The on-site market offers light snacks, frozen meals and a selection of drinks.
I would recommend to everyone and only stay here should I teturn Great staff , room well appointed and upgraded at reasonable cost Early check in after a flight from Australia was really appreciated  Look forward to staying on my next visit It is an exclusive business address offering the very latest facilities and a stylish hotel for city slickers in a charming world port where international trends and Hanseatic traditions meet. Well for starters the hotel was in walking distance to most attractions city centre fish market  is not to be missed even if it’s a early start on a Sunday morning back to the hotel the staff were excellent rooms clean spacious and the breakfast if a little expensive at €25 was the best breakfast I’ve ever had so worth a one off The relaxed and elegant 4-star Lindner Hotel Am Michel is situated close to the celebrated St. Michaelis Church (colloquial “Der Michel”), the lively HafenCity, the famous old warehouse district the Speicherstadt and the impressive St. Pauli jetties. World Port - where trends and tradition meet  A fantastic location in Hamburg - the gateway to the world. Very good four star hotel with excellent fitness and wellness as a pleasant surprise. It was a birthday trip & the hotel made it a perfect experience. Very pleasant hotel, good facilities, clean and comfortable and onl6 a 10 min walk to busy restaurants. Only challenge is check in which I felt to be impersonal and pushed towards using a machine
The setting of the hotel is very nice even though close to Sam Houston Tollway, it is about 2 blooks away so the highway is not noticeable. This hotel is 8.7 miles from the FUNPLEX Amusement Park, 9.4 miles from The Galleria, and 15 miles from The Houston Zoo. The rooms and the living room between them were clean and well furnished. We had a 2 bedroom suite for 3 adults and 2kids and it was perfect. Always meets and exceeds expectations .The indoors swimming pool and breakfast are a big plus ! Booked with expedia for 2 beds and sofa bed for $189 , show up the  gentleman front desk and me to wait about 10 minutes before give me a keys, he told me they don't have any 2 queen beds, we end up with king and sofa bed with 6 people's. Rooms features air conditioning, ironing facilities, a hairdryer, an MP3 dock, and premium bedding, as well. The front desk attendant immediately grabbed me a stack of towels and a bottle of germ x & I was so appreciative. Big 2 bed 2 bath room clean and comfortable... pool did have way to much chlorine in it... but over all great stay It was what you would expect, nothing more and nothing less. It is currently beginning a renovation process because the hotel is beginning to need updating. The pool area was out ab and it felt like a sauna in there I was there because I was having my 7 year old birthday party and it was a pool party and he really couldn't enjoy the pool he did enjoy his party because nobody can stay in the pool long because it was so hot NOT TOO GOOD THIS TIME, HOUSE KEEPING WAS VERY POOR AND SLOW. The breakfast was great, everything was very clean & nice, and we'd love to come back next year. Amenities at this hotel include an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre, a business centre, coin laundry machines, free parking, and complimentary Wi-Fi. We checked in late & my toddler started vomiting in the car while my husband was checking in. We typically choose a condo or house bc we need a good setup with actual bedrooms. The hotel is conveniently located, very close to the Sam Houston Tollway which I used everyday. I got him out and ran inside to ask for help. I paid $189, not happy at all, will not recommend. The Homewood Suites by Hilton Houston/Westchase hotel is conveniently located on the outskirts of downtown Houston on the Sam Houston Tollway, in between Interstate 10 and Interstate 69 and with easy access to all parts of the city. Enjoyed evething but the pool it was dirty and things were a mess. Close to a major road, Wertheimer, but again very quiet. In two years, the hotel will be brand new and really a great place to stay. I book a room with 2 queen beds + 1 sofa bed end up with a king, the room small. Me and my friend end up sleep on the floor. So we felt that upon rescheduling our visit to this weekend in January, we had to actually stay at this hotel as good karma retribution. it was great I love staying here always wonderful staff!!!!!! The toll road made it quick, but had to remember $1.25. Dining options around the Homewood Suites by Hilton Houston/Westchase hotel include Senor Juan, Taco Bell, and Pradaria Steaks & Churrascaria. The hotel staff was friendly, close to familiar stores and restaurants, clean and felt like home! I was pleasantly surprised to find space like this in a hotel. First of all, I need to point out that we were supposed to visit Houston the weekend of Hurricane Harvey and the hotel staff was super nice and they let us cancel for free. Each room at this hotel comes with a full kitchen, cable television channels, a sofa bed, and a dining table. WE HAD A BETTER EXPERIENCE LAST YEAR AND WE BELIEVE THIS CAN BE BETTER Everything was great just missed breakfast lol but will be back again :) Breakfast spread  Overall, I'd recommend if you want a long stay near the Westchase area in Houston. There is also a basketball court, a news stand, and a safety deposit box at the hotel. I stayed at this property between November and December 2017.  Review Summary: Positives: 1. I have small children so I'm greatful the pool was on the inside. I was pleasantly surprised to find that a light dinner was offered in affition to breakfast.
They upgraded us to a suite in a sister hotel. But we made the reservation to be in a very specific place and did not enjoy being driven to a supposedly better hotel 20 minutes away by taxi. Steps from the Friedrichstrasse shopping district and the Berlin Wall Memorial, the H+ Hotel Berlin Mitte offers modern, family friendly accommodations and indoor parking. The next morning we had fun carrying suitcases down from the upgraded room on the fourth floor. We liked the stay  in  the hotel everything was great A fitness centre, sauna, and laundry services are also available on site. At least we did not have to carry them up when we arrived. Selly the barman is a natural and clearly loves his job. the only night we stayed there) the only elevator in the hotel had the sign -- the elevator is out of order, thank you for your understanding. Other nearby cultural attractions include Alexanderplatz, the Checkpoint Charlie Museum, and the Reichstag Building. Neither did we enjoy wasting time going back in the morning. The Brandenburg Gate is within a 20-minute walk, while the Natural History Museum is just five minutes away on foot. Rooms were clean and what was needed for a week long business trip. Hotel staff could be more forthcoming with help on subways and trams. The Nostalgie Bar and Lounge is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner daily. My wife and I had a wonderful stay in H+Berlin. With the Naturkundemuseum Underground Station a few steps away, guests can reach the German capital's many sights quickly and easily. Stefan on reception checked us in with a huge smile that was genuine and heartfelt. As soon as our taxi pulled up to the door, the hotel manager ran out -- please do not leave the taxi, we will take you to a different hotel. The H+ Hotel Berlin Mitte welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk and concierge services. I had a great time, the staff were very helpful and polite, the rooms clean, just what we needed. It is in the heart of the city with loads of fantastic things to do. Even before we went I had emailed a couple of requests and Sarah made sure they happened. Lots of touristy activities with some excellent food and drinks. Standard amenities include complimentary high speed Wi-Fi, flat screen televisions with satellite channels, and air-conditioning. They (the sister hotel this time) did not even care to tell the taxi driver where to go, so he initially took us to yet another sister hotel. The supermarket next door was practical thing to have for buying extra needs. The staff were amazing and went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant and enjoyable as possible. The explanation -- they ran out of rooms even though we reserved and paid for the room 7 weeks in advance. There is a grocery just next door and a pharmacy across the street. And did I mention that in the evening of the second night (i.e.
Otherwise it is okay, but b/fast was very industrial style and unhealthy. A mundane-looking doorway leads to a stylish, modern, bright hotel with helpful & friendly reception staff & amazingly thorough cleaning staff. C-Hotels The Style Florence is located in the heart of Florence near the Arno River and the Parco delle Cascine in the Santa Maria Novella neighbourhood. Out of four nights, we had to sleep at anight ambiant temperature of 25° Celsius, as you cannot open the window, due to noise caused by car traffic and also the mosquitoes would prohibited any open window at night. Breakfast was included and was actually in the neighbouring sister hotel (although accessible internally). There's a city tax of €9 per person per night, payable on arrival. I 'll definitely return to this hotel for my short getaway trips. On second night, we had inhouse noises caused by piping or plumbing, which lasted all night and repeated itself for a few hours two days later. Also annoying that you had to re-login every few hours. Wifi wasn't working in the room the first day and was sometimes flaky on the other days. Some room rates include breakfast, either in the restaurant located onsite or with a continental breakfast delivery. Located across the main SMN station the rest of Italy is accessible & just a train ride away There are two 'restaurants' - one is quite cramped for breakfast. Food was mainly cold meats, cheese, bread, cereal & yoghurt. Apart from the dodgy wifi & slightly crazy, cramped breakfast, it was very nice! Hot food wasn't very good: overcooked scrambled eggs, cracked boiled eggs, & frankfurters. Kitchette costs money to use- €20 per day + €70 for final cleaning! The hotel is located just next to the Stazione de Firenze Santa Maria Novella and near Context Florence and the Basilica di Santa Maria Novella. Location is brilliant - right next to the train station (we did a day trip to Pisa from there). Nearby eateries include Ristorante Belcore, Trattoria il Contadino, and Trattoria Da Giorgio. The bed was a sofa bed a strange choice as I don't see that many people would use it as a sofa, so why not have a proper bed which would be slightly more comfortable? C-Hotels The Style Florence features 24-hour reception and luggage storage. There is a business centre and business services, as well as concierge services. When it was working, it was slow but adequate for Facebook and browsing but not much good for videos. Meeting rooms are available, as are laundry, dry cleaning, and child care services. Room was a good size, with sleeping area, kitchette, bathroom and a little alcove for the luggage. All accommodations are suites with choices of city views, kitchenettes, or separated sitting areas.
They also provided soft juices and a fruit basket for my birthday and were generally very kind and helpful. The staff at this hotel is always friendly and helpful. One minor issue was the (advertised) soundproofing - it worked well for noise from outside the building, but the neighbour's television was rather loud. Plus I saved money by not needing to take a taxi to the train. You walked out of the main station and there it is. Great location next to train station which is next to the Cologne cathedral. The room was very small, the bed extremely soft (which is not a good thing in my book but I understand others may find it nice) and the wardrobe looked like something from Ikea (it had sliding sheets rather than doors). Excellent service from hotel staff and even provided a complimentary bottle of Prosecco for my birthday. Great place to stay if you want to travel by train between the EU countries cause the hotel is literally a small crosswalk from the station. But... I’m from Canada, so that is to be expected. We were able to travel quickly from here to all of the Christmas markets, the city centre shops, and visit both the cathedral and the Roman Museum all within a two and a half day stay. Very annoying especially when you've been at the carnival all day till late, the hotel isn't worth it's price tag other than it's just so easy to find if your arriving by train it couldn't be easier The bathroom was clean, but the toilet paper holder was very lose and the paper roll kept falling on the floor. Very soft beds and cheap pillows for the 145 double room. Bathroom was modern and warm but the actual room seemed a bit dated. I did asked the receptionist to send someone to fix it but to no avail. .. we've been married for a long time.. but not THAT long :-) Generally, the room could do with a bit more light. She kept asking me when I would be done with the computer so that she could get back in there. Close to the train station and an easy walk to the old town and the river front. The business center was continually occupied by a woman who lives in the neighborhood who just couldn't resist the opportunity to use the internet because she didn't have that at home. The hotel's comfortable beds ensure a good night's sleep and tempt every guest to have a lie-in. The location is great, right next to the train station so easy access to everywhere. Room was very hot and pillows not so good though. we were upgraded to a suite with a view of the cathedral at no extra cost and the staff was so friendly and helpful to us. However, the staff provided excellent service - catered to all our needs and more. As I said already, because of the room, the service and the price I don't consider it a 4 stars hotel. Our stay was brief and the hotel is immediately across from the train station. All rooms are equipped with a desk, telephone, flatscreen TV and a safe deposit box. Although the room was small it had everything I needed including free bottled water and even a coffee maker. The Wyndham Köln is located at the heart of the city, across from the Cathedral and central railway station. Could not be better for access to the city and attractions. I would stay there again but request for different rooms. The hotel was comfortable enough, but definitely not a 4 star. I would definitely use it again for the price, there's nothing wrong with it at all - just remember you get what you pay for. The free WiFi Internet connection in the rooms keeps you in touch with your colleagues, friends and family at any time of the day or night. We had limited contact with the hotel staff (we ate when we were out and about), but they were very good and helpful, and all had a good command of English. The tab was lose too, not actually broken but still not what I would expect from a 4 stars hotel. The staff were friendly and answered any questions i had. We travelled by rail on the S bahn from the airport and found that to be a quick, cheap and convenient form of transfer. nice hotel very local idea situation, however it would have been nice to have tea/coffee facilities in the room beds very hard nice size room It offered a great view of the Dom but the beds were two singles put together and kept seperating to form a gap in the middle. Cologne, the fascinating Rhine metropolis, extensive shopping miles, with a picturesque historic district- all within just a few minutes' walking distance. The front desk allowed me to store my luggage after check out. It's a good base hotel, nothing more and the price reflected that. We got twin beds and they were placed vertically next to each other instead of side by side which were ok as well. It has become my favorite place to stay in Cologne because of this. The hotel itself is fine, I would say more a 2/3* but we didn't really spend long enough in there to be bothered by it. It's not a luxury hotel, just a place to sleep in between getting out and about in Cologne. walk across the courtyard when arriving in Colgne by train to this great property. In summer you can enjoy the view from the hotel terrace at the heart of Cologne while the city's night life pulsates outside. The shower head was pointing to one side and it was not possible to adjust it. Enjoyed this hotel close to the main train station and many of the major sights of Cologne. Room was very small and bring on floor one was easy to hear street noise. Extremely small size  (it's same as a River ship cabin). The facilities were exactly as advertised and we felt very comfortable. The staff was very kind and helpful and helped us in a lot of things. The hotel rooms are ideal for business travellers and visitors planning a short trip to Cologne. We arrived well before check-in time hoping to be able to deposit our suitcase, but we were immediately given a room. For example, our return flight required leaving the hotel by 0430, walking about 100 metres to the station, waiting 5 minutes before our train arrived and being at the airport rail station by 0455. A free bottle of mineral water is on hand as refreshment. My room looking at the Cathedral was worth every penny. The hotel couldn't be in a better position when it comes to finding it as it's right outside the doors of the train station and in walking distance of all the major attractions but for it's price tag it's a bit worn the rooms don't exactly look as nice as they do in it's photos as I've said it's very worn also the house cleaner came around at 8.45am every morning no matter if we had the tag on the door or not? A kettle and a selection of teas, coffees provide you a relaxed start to the morning at the Wyndham Köln. Relax with a cool Kölsch beer or a sparkling cocktail in the hotel bar "Le Perron" or on the terrace. The room itself is super clean and modern but with two twin beds? Location excellent for arriving and travelling on by train and for visiting museums. The Staff’s hospitality was not as nice as I would have liked. The staff was wonderfully nice, spoke English willingly and the room price was reasonable.
At first I though maybe he has smhad a bad day but as I saw the next couple approach the desk (who were white) his attitude changed, he smiled said hello and told them the wifi password and informed them of breakfast times. The Hotel shower knobs kept falling off, the staff kept the room very hot and unbearable to sleep in. The room was at least 35 degrees and one tiny window! I stayed for one night at this hotel, it is advertised as free parking but in reality it has 4 parking spaces but they provided parking at another hotel a few minutes drive away ( I'm guessing a sister hotel ) it took about 5 minutes walking back. There were stains on the cushions and no toiletries in the bathroom. What a disaster - its a shame - as they all the ingredients for a decent place - but the owners obviously have no idea about hotels. Lovely friendly staff, very noisy inconsiderate people staying within the hotel, a woman and man having a heated argument swearing and shouting seemingly right out side my door at around 1am. The room was very hot and even with window open it didn't cool down. All rooms include TV and tea and coffee-making facilities in addition to other basic amenities. Small room, smelling bedding,  No toiletries other than soap bar, block shower drain. I would say avoid this if you actually need to sleep The customer  service was not good  at all. Managed to get free parking for 2 days which is was a bonus. I said no and he wasn't happy and tried to get me to pay s deposit . Only offered to move to another room of same type. I must say my experience of this hotel is very shocking. Good, would stay again very clean and quiet close to train station safe !!!!!!!!!! I must say the management should visit the hotels near them and see how they manage the breakfast and what verities they provide. The room is nice n clean,  but the receptionist try to over charge me. Breakfast was a buffet just as I like it because it reduces waiting around time. I love to hear how seriously they have taken my comments and how they have improved the situation instead of standard reply. We were given plastic knifes in place of spoons re: to stir the coffees. The room was clean with wonky bedside shelves and not the best paintwork, the bathroom was clean but it did have peeling paint on the ceiling I presume form the shower steam. Check in was slow ,.... Whilst walking back to the hotel after parking my car I lost the key as the key ring was broken , the hotel acknowledged the key ring was broken but still wanted to charge me £10 for the key ,...... Me and my partner were not treated the same at the welcome desk as other visitors checking in who were white. overall a nice very cheap hotel just a bit rough round the edges but for £39 it was a bargain and the bed was comfortable. O rmaybe the smokers in the rooms they didn't bother to investigate? The hotel staff and guest coming to the hotel were loud , the reception in the middle of the hotel and I was unable to sleep because of the noise. Only they were to move me with my 3 year old child to another room of same kind...  No space in toilet to stand properly at sink... half of sink was on toilet seat... We were on the ground floor along fron reception and there was noise on and off fron 1am through til 6am. The other hotel phoned to say the key was there outside my car ...... And could I go back now ...... There are no toiletries - just a bar of soap. Staff very friendly and nothing was too much trouble,   Down side quite a walk from the tube station when you daughter has bought one of everything The hotel is sooo noises the roof squeak so bad I was so scared I thought it was going to fall on me. Don't believe this is more than a 1 star hotel Westfield shopping centre in Stratford is just a 15 minute drive away. The main issue was the fire alarm going off at 5am - several times, on both mornings - the workers there could not figure it out - perhaps the chef burning the bacon each morning had something to do with it? Explained everything to management, no one had courtesy from management to call or speak to me on this. The room was small , no fan , no remote for the telly , the bathroom was TINY . There were spider web in room, one corner of toilet, with shower was completely dark as light of that corner was out of order. The guests having breakfast at 6am each morning were a bit rowdy, but you probably woundn't notice unless you were in a room adjacent to the restaurant. The cleansliness of the hotel room was disappointing   The staff we're unhelpful and a bit creepy The hotel also provides discounts for a number of local restaurants for guests wishing to dine in the area. ....... All in all I really did not enjoy my stay , not that they know because no one asked me ....... There are only 3 parking spaces - so you have to park in the street over. All other hotels where I stayed in the past 4 weekend offered us late checkout till 12 without a charge but here they said the checkout time is 11 and I will be charged for late check out. I spend 4 consecutive weekends in the hotels around Rotana Hotel and normally I don’t like writing reviews but on this occasion I thought I should as I read the previous reviews and comments of hotel management and felt that they have a set response format but when I stayed there I don’t felt that management have taken any of the comments seriously. Hotel only has 4 parking spaces so I had to park at its other hotel 2 streets away , the next night there were no spaces there either so had to leave my car parked on a street some way away . I saw the dubious rating, but read some reviews, and it sounded like some people were being fussy, or perhaps expecting too much - as this place is pretty cheap at £50 a night. The bedroom was too small for the bed in room 1. I offered to pay the difference for a better room, but they didn't accept. Our room, smelt of stale cigarette smoke all day and night! Both nights I was woken up several times throughout the night and early hours by people coming and going their rooms laughing , singing , banging doors , no regard for anyone else , both nights their appeared to be parties going on in the rooms either side . Fire alarm went off at 5 in the morning adding to disturbed sleep. The tomatoes and mushrooms where tinned food heated up not ideal and definatly not tasty. The 1st night we were awoken by a couple next door arriving at 3am and partying/arguing until 7.30am. The man at reception was cold towards us and did not make eye contact gave short sharp answers to any of our questions and slammed my Id on the table rather than handing it back to me. He did not inform us with any of this information. Rotanna placed us in the sister hotel  named The Bank ( see above ratings). And no tv remote, the breakfast was ok... my partner is a veggie and there wasn't much option It was 9.30 pm ...... dark and I didn't know the area ..... Guests are welcome to request the use of ironing facilities from the front desk, as well as other amenities. Rotana Hotel is within walking distance of Gants Hill Tube Station, and a short walk from Ilford Rail Station, both of which provide excellent transport links across London. The rooms and hotel overall were very neat, clean, and attractive. There was no air con or ability to open the windows safely, so the room was roasting hot. To be quite honestthe room was cold and radiator  was not working  at all. Rotana Hotel is a basic but comfortable bed and breakfast hotel situated in Greater London’s Ilford, offering good transport links across the city of London. Hotel was nice and the room was nice and clean. Not one smile from any member of staff throughout the whole stay! Rang the reception and basically said that he would sort it and then did absolutely nothing! Breakfast was rank , very cheap sausages and bacon and beans and tomatoes were defiantly of the value brand type . I stayed there for 2 nights and must say that one of the staff was rude. It Llong for them to provide us with blow up heater  and blankets. I am extremely disappointed and angry at the receptionist behaviour and will be taking the matter further. I normally don't bother with writing reviews, but on this occasion I thought I had to - I would love to know how many repeat visitors they get! No parking in the hotel due to lack of spaces. I had 3 year old child, room carpet was wet, socks got soaked, room was so smelly, shower drain got blocked, so dark room. Is noisy all you hear is other people’s conversations there’s no peace and quiet Check in was swift but I was a bit baffled at the request for ID ive never been asked for ID in a hotel before just booking numbers from emails. Parking spaces are limited to 4 outside the hotel or a 2 block walk to an alternative hotel.
Extra pillows are supplied and some rooms enjoy impressive views over the square. I emailed customer service, providing snapshots and links of the lower rates, but they still insisted they weren't able to verify the tariff. Buffet breakfast is served in the dining room and  the immediate area is home to many restaurants, bars and shops. Valencia’s ancient cathedral is a few minutes’ walk away, as is Xativa Metro Station with rail access to the airport. This hotel is extremely convenient for visiting Valencia: the metro goes in from the airport and the hotel is about an 8 minute walk from Xativa station. The bathroom wasn't super clean (spots on the toilet bowl) and TV reception was patchy. We went to Valence to celebrate The Three KIings  celebration and the hotel was very central to see all the parade Perhaps the rooms overlooking the street are much nicer and bigger, but I would definitely avoid the Economy room... Would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend if you want a stay in Valencia  Book a superior room I'm usually not a picky traveler, but I don't quite understand the great reviews! Situated in La Plaza del Ayuntamiento in the centre of Valencia, Hostal Hostal Venecia is welcoming and simply furnished with a number of additional, appealing features. In addition, the old town (Ciutat Vella) has even more shopping, dining and tapas outlets to suit all tastes and budgets. Hotels.com itself listed a lower price on their site the day I checked in. I paid 100 USD for a minuscule interior room (no light), which was incredibly underwhelming for the price I paid. As 2 star hotel it is clean close to the city centre Only one person able to stand on the balcony at a time due to air  con unit occupying half the space. Excellent location, clean, tidy and quiet accommodation, ensuite room and very helpful staff. At the Hostal Venecia, rooms are attractively decorated and feature lovely wooden floors. The room was incredibly stuffy and hot, and no water was provided. They are also en-suite with balcony, safe, flat screen television and desk. Staff was very helpful, and front desk was well staffed 24 hours a day This is more of a note for hotels.com: I found two rates that quoted lower fares for my room, for that same night. Reception is available at all times and there is a luggage storage facility. It's worth including breakfast if you're on a bit of a time budget - it saves going out and trying to find somewhere.
The meal was very tasty and Marvin the bartender was friendly and had a great sense about when I wanted to chat and when I wanted to quietly enjoy my meal. Staff gave me refrigerator at no charge and late checkout. We decided to stay one more night in DC and moved to another hotel where the service was EXCELLENT! Upgraded units add kitchenettes, wooden floors, and separate living areas. I had to call Expedia and notify them of this situation and they promptly had this charge removed-go Expedia! The Renwick Gallery of the Smithsonian American Art Museum, which displays 19th-century crafts, is about one mile away. This is fine except glossed over in the intro at the check-in so our friends couldn't figure out why their TV didn't work, and we came home to a hot room because the AC turned off when we left the room and took the key card. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in DC. The room was very clean and the bed was really comfortable. Magali is a staff member who did an amazing job ensuring that my family and I had an positive experience at the Westin Georgetown. The George Washington University is about half a mile away. It's 2017, and the rest of the hotel looks like 2017, so why? There were many factors at work against us however and in no way could hold the hotel responsible for the issue. The hotel staff was very helpful, polite, friendly, and professional. We had a lovely, short stay and loved the ambiance the of the hotel. Well located near restaurants and a large 24hr CVS next door to stock up on snacks as a family often needs to when travelling! I asked for a room close to the emergency exit (personal quirk) and got exactly what I wanted. Had I had the time I'd probably have looked a little harder. We booked two rooms and were told by phone before arrival that we could request the number of beds based on availability once we got there. I would stay again, and thank Westin staff for the positive experience. I had to set up the ironing board in the bathroom because there were no accessible outlets near any area in the bedroom. We will definitely stay again, thanks to your amazing customer service, thank you The same goes for the tray of snacks that they leave out on the counter... both the tray and the fridge have technology in them that sense when an item has been moved. Unfortunately the room walls are literally made of paper so you can here the people next door like if they where in your room....I found that $50 a day for parking is crazy!!! Everything was great, and they even let us check in early. Tub drain stopper didn't work right even after maintenance person fixed it. It put a damper on our experience at the hotel. In addition, the hotel provides convenient access to a porter, concierge services, multilingual personnel, and baggage storage. One surprise...the room is a energy efficient room so nothing works unless your room key card is inserted in a scanner on the wall. The Westin Georgetown offers high-speed Internet access, paid parking, a shuttle service, event space, and laundry services. It is so hard to find good, sincere and meaningful customer service these days, but Magali  optimizes what good customer should be at all times. I wouldn't recommend staying here if you were taking your car, ended up paying $88 for the 2 nights i stayed. Boveda serves Latin American fare and The Caucus Room proffers American steaks. The only complaint is the cost of the valet parking, that was a bit steep The sleek and bright air-conditioned rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows, flat-screen TVs, safety boxes, coffee brewers, desks, and hypoallergenic bedding. However they wouldn't let me cash a $10 check to tip the bellman. The only problem we encountered was that it was difficult to pull into the hotel. That was a rediculous claim-I mean, was he going to give the other customer the $30? Upon arrival the front desk supervisor informed us we would have to pay $30 to switch one of the  King bed rooms we had booked to two doubles. I decided to check out the tapas bar for dinner, and had a healthy-sized cheese plate and sangria. If there were any negatives it would be the cost to park. If you take something out of the fridge to make room for your food, the fridge might automatically charge you for the item you took out, even if you put it back later. Great size room for a family of 4 (2 adults & 2 tweens). Not used to Washington prices but $8.80 for a draft beer and $13.00 for a mixed drink was a shocker. It is also a good place to do shopping, eating, and traveling. I would recommend and stay again upon a future visit to DC The room was great, but the parking was really pricey $44.00 for one night? The room is a little dated, and strangely there were very few outlets. The fine print says that they could have charged me a restocking fee even if I did not consume the item that I moved in order to make room for my food. We celebrated our 10 year anniversary and wanted a nice place in a neat location, not far from our home in VA. We did not use the amenities, but liked that they were there and well publicized. Private spa-style bathrooms contain roll-in showers, hairdryers, bathtubs, and plush toiletries. He said the charge was because he was going to have to take the room from another customer to give to us. I don't understand why a hotel with such new furnishings would insist on making you pull out the nightstand and dig around for an outlet to charge your phone. It is an amazing place to study around Washington, DC. There are nicer places very close by, and apparently less expensive. Luckily I was not wrongly billed for minibar items that I did not consume, but the fact that the hotel could have charged me if they chose to (because of the fine print) is something that I would want to warn others about. Magali, I want to personally thank you for making our stay extremely comfortable, relaxing and enjoyable. The Westin Georgetown is a high-end, pet-friendly hotel boasting an outdoor seasonal swimming pool, a fitness centre and a delightful courtyard in central Washington D.C. Staff was very friendly and local Starbucks around the corner made my wife a happy camper. We ate at one of their restaurants Caucus, and we lived their food. The room was a bit bit for a Westin property Farragut Square is a brisk ten-minute walk from the hotel. The bathroom was sparkling, and so I indulged in a long, hot bubble bath. It was a very nice hotel located about a mile or so from monuments. The hotel is closed to both GWU campus and Gtown. The staff was helpful and courteous, the room was very nice and comfortable, the location to Georgetown was convenient. The only thing is, I did not realize until reading the fine print that the fridge in the room cannot be used to store your own food.
The faucets are to the side of the raised bowls and you could barely get your hands wet because the faucets are not tall enough or stretch over the bowls. I did not stay, I called my daughter who is a young adult and she had no problems with the free room I gave her. Festiva Frenchmen Orleans boasts a courtyard garden area with BBQ grills, an outdoor pool and hot tub. The couches in the living area had stains on them. First time on Frenchman St and this the place to stay easy ck in, cheap parkin and great beds. It was in a good location, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Festiva Frenchmen Orleans offers condominium-like accommodations in the Marigny area of New Orleans. I will return back to this hotel in the future. It was a  very Friendly, clean and overall great place to stay in a great location down town. Super secure, need to have a code to get in, we didn't use the parking lot but there is parking accessible by the back door and the back street. The rooms are spacious one queen bedroom with walking closet and in the living room you have a folding queen couch. Once you stay here I'm sure you will be back floors in room were dirty (not swept or mopped) but otherwise room was great. I couldn't have been more pleased that my group had a whole condo- including full kitchen and a beautiful bathroom for our weekend stay. Location was a little loud til 3am every morning but thats to be expected. Perfect location right in the middle of the best party street in New Orleans It is located on Freshmen St. which has plenty of live music to enjoy. Rooms are clean and the beddings will give you so much comfort after a long night of walking and indulging in the big easy. Thanks for making my 21st birthday even better with the wonderful hotel condiitons! Great restaurants, bars, and especially music, away from the drunken madness of Bourbon Street, and this hotel is right in the heart of the action. The Condo has all the appliance you will need if you want to cook your own food or just reheat it . You can hear the jazz bands playing right across the street! The tub is a safety issue although it was a big jetted tub, you have to climb up the surrounding area with nothing to hold on to. For added convenience, a self-serve laundry area is open to guests. Biggest disappointment was the furnishings were old and couch was stained. The drain in the shower was very slow and not all of the jets in the jacuzzi worked. Good location to the French Quarter, however on some nights the music from the pubs across the street was pretty loud until the wee hours. Loved the location, loved the hotel, staff was friendly, room was a great size - the only downsize was the size of bathroom and overall cleanliness. Our condo was behind the office so the noise level from the bars and bands was not as bad. Full kitchen if you need to cook in and great space overall. Improvements I would suggest is to put  different faucets in the bathroom sinks. This was my first trip to New Orleans, and I wasn't sure about the location at first. The staff member who checked us in was great and so helpful, think he works night shift there! We had a one bedroom condo and could not have been happier with it! but I would stay here again if I travel to New Orleans again. The rooms feature fully equipped kitchens, patios, a seating area, and flat screen cable TV with a DVD player. If you're looking for a different New Orleans experience, instead of the typical tourist stuff, Frenchman Street is the place. Love it at here fun to sit at balcony to hear music. they lost our reservation and front desk clerk seemed confused as to how to fix the issue. We loved the pool area in the back and the place was secure. Although we didn't leave any mess, housekeeping could have been more thorough with basic once over cleanings. Great location if you're looking to have a good time. A terrific location for what we wanted to experience and do in the French Quarter The room was spacious, great pool area, plenty of parking (for a fee). however, you wont be able to sleep until 5am since you can literally hear everything. The hotel is within a ten-minute walk to the French Quarter. All accommodations are air conditioned and equipped with free Wi-Fi. Just OK. My wife would never keep our house that way. If you're looking to stay within FQ area I'd recommend this quaint place. Three Muses is a popular venue offering light bites and cocktails to live music. Wonderful place, I enjoyed the facility and the location was excellent across the street from all the jazz clubs. If you stay check out dat dog for hot dogs Right in the middle of all the Really good music the New Orleans has to offer. The hotel is within a ten minute walk to Jackson Square and French Market, while New Orleans Jazz Park is a mile away. Location was great opposite local jazz bars and good restaurants around.. We had a two bedroom and the wifi didn't work in our rooms so if we wanted internet we'd have to sit on porch. Loved hanging out on the balcony and watching all the happenings below on Frenchmen St.  Everything is within walking distance. Having rooms at back of hotel allows you to sleep. Close to good restaurant and bar Small but nice pool The two bedrooms was good but a little to dark. Very nice and clean.It has a kitchenette that is especially convenient for families. However, as soon as I walked in and saw how nice it was I was so happy I booked there. Pool and Jacuzzi amazing, Gas grill in the patio if you want to invite friends and just want to prepare your own grilled foods. A lot of music comes from the bars and local street musicians especially Thursday to Saturday night. Having two bedrooms - one bed in one and two beds in the other - was perfect for us and our two teenage girls! Another plus, there is a free water cooler with cups in the lobby which I appreciated because I didn't like the taste of the tap water. Guests can dine at nearby Snug Harbor Jazz Bistro, offering Cajun and Creole dishes or The Ruby Slipper Café, serving American fare. We used the spa several times as we were tired and sore from all the walking we did everyday. Don’t stay on the road side-bars across the street could keep you up late; terrific location to walk to eat, see the sites Outside my bedroom door was the pool and spa area.
We survived but had I known we’d have brought our own water. We asked a girl behind the small bar if we needed to make reservations. With the one exception being the bartender who was not pleased to give us wine glasses for our room or open our wine. Their staffing could smile a bit more and overall give a pleasant atmosphere both face to face and over the phone. Once in the room, I went to wash my hands. The staff was beyond friendly, the food was fantastic, and the rooms were very nice! The elegantly remodelled rooms feature oversized windows, bespoke furniture and king or queen-sized beds. Confused and a a bit offended, I asked, what is that supposed to mean? Also, two lights in the light bar in our bathroom were burned out making it hard to see well enough to apply makeup and such. I threw it away, used the bar soap and went to dinner at The Lady and Sons. We had a late arrival came in at 2:30 in the morning and checked in, Valet attendant was sleeping on the chair in the lobby, the front desk clerk called out his name several times and he would not wake up, she had to walk over to him and tap him a couple times to wake him up to go park our car. After getting to the room and getting settled went to use the bathroom and the left sink fixture for hot water kept coming off, it was placed back on easily for use but that is something they may want to look into getting fixed. We were excited about the indoor pool but it was cold and very dirty. The people who worked at the front desk and the bar were very nice and helpful. Guests staying at B Historic Savannah can enjoy the indoor saltwater pool and fitness centre. The beds were very comfortable and clean as for the rest, no. They cancelled my booking with no hassle and at no charge. We would be inclined to stay at a different hotel if we are ever in Savannah again. It started with the front desk giving us a room that still had guest in it. My husband and I stayed for one night as a stopover on the way to Orlando. We also stayed at the B in Orlando and it was awesome. There was a tiny bit of dried, liquid soap in the bottom of the bottle. Per my card I was charged $150 ( valet was $84 so not unreasonable) but this was charged twice for $300. We wished we had done more traveling around the Savanna area. Only complaint is that everything is quite expensive for what you get and comparitive to surrounding establishments. We had to wait 20 minutes for the bartender when trying to buy a bottle of wine for the room. Courtyard located near ground floor rooms - and got quite noisy in the evening and early morning hours one night during stay. all surrounding restaurants, gas stations, and bridges were shut down. Nice hotel, clean and central to everything..use the parking garage across the street for parking. We called hotel.com and were assured it would be cleared up. He then gave the routine welcome, asked for my i.d, a credit card and mumbled,  Incase you decide to throw a lamp through the window. These people with the exception of Jordan, acted like they could not have cared less if you were taken care of or not. Could not find one on our floor so I went down to the lobby and was told that they do not have vending machines but sell water and soft drinks at the front desk. My conclusion from staying here two nights is that the hotel has pretensions to be a 4-star or better facility. Pool is ok - a little small and it could use lounge chairs. It’s a good place to stay for a quick night, but I wouldn’t recommend beyond that. The hotel, although advertised to have a restraunt did not serve any food. Only downside was credit card ( stay was prepaid before we arrived) for incidentals. My husband walked inside and spoke with the valet, who explained it was much cheaper to park in the garage across the street ($15 vs $28). She almost looked startled that we had asked and said they weren't open that night. Overall we had a nice stay and I would stay here again. and they had accidentally left their cable and taken ours. When we returned to the hotel for the night, we were in search of a vending machine for some bottled water. Friendly staff clean good location rooms were nice parking right across street We had to call down to the front desk to have some delivered. We also noticed that it was leaking- our carpet under the window was soaked in cold water. The valet was helpful one night in suggesting a nearby place to have dinner that was very good. This waitress messed up  the beautiful ambiance of the hotel and other staff because she was not dress for success.Other then that I enjoyed my clean room and helpful staff .Thank you. 10 minute walk to historic district, which is made all the pleasant by Savannah law that allows for your drink to be carried in public! They failed to refill our coffee, cups, shampoo, or soap any of the three days we were there. The supervisor made the off hand comment that we had to have faith and trust that the room would be cleaned. The staff was good at recommending other places to eat. We had a fantastic guide who was funny and informative. I called and explained my mistake and they offered me a room at a reasonable rate. The ice machine did not work and I had to keep bothering the staff for ice when needed. It seemed that the hotel was struggling for our entire stay, however. Room is where I took  away on rating being I was hoping for being a boutique hotel there would be something special about the room. But... the room wasn’t cleaned at all for the three days we stayed. After about a 7 minute wait, unable to find a cart, he never helped us. I made a mistake when booking the room and left off a night that I intended to stay. Lastly, we were running low on toilet paper, the maid service went through, but they didn't replenish the toilet paper. We saw a few bad reviews, and decided to give B the benefit of the doubt. There was a lot to learn from walking around and viewing the area. Don't let this hotel spoil your opinion of this awesome city. After I booked the room, my plans changed and I did not need to stay after all. It is a great location for exploring Savannah plus close to the train museum which s worth seeing. B Historic Savannah is an attractive brick-built boutique hotel located within the historic district of downtown Savannah, Georgia. She went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable. They had a restaurant but it was only open in the mornings and service was slow and we were the only ones there. There were no towel racks in the bathroom so we had to hang them over the shower. My wife and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary, and it was simply amazing! When i was there it was under construction that wasnt noted during my time of booking. When we reached the desk, the agent did not immediately greet us but turned to say something to the other agent instead. great customer serv, we had a screaming baby next door and the staff was very helpful in getting us into a different room. Must do the On/off bus first day to see Savannah quickly....Must eat at Zunzis! All in all we had a nice time and did enjoyed ourselves. As soon as we were given our room, we went to the 3rd floor (in the very slow elevator) and found that there was already someone in our room. The hotel itself was very nice, beautifully decorated lobby and room. Suites add living areas containing sleeper sofas and wet bars. The bar downstairs had a very nice bartender but the drinks were very expensive. We repeatedly asked for housekeeper to empty the trash and replace towels. The company reached out to me the same Sunday of check out and said they would complete n investigation and we be contacted within 72 hours from the claims dept. Cool, hip lobby and the rooms were very nice as well. I should also add that I am a neatly groomed, middle aged, professional. Food and Drinks Downstairs are all handmade in house, which was a nice treat. Also, the decor wasn't the over-the-top old South look that many other inns tend to go for. The air conditioner next to our bed was malfunctioning and inconsistent on providing temperature. It also serves craft cocktails and hosts occasional live music. The other agent attempted to cover for him by explaining the fee. The price of motel was close to what the higher price motels cost. The room smelled musty and stains were seen on furniture. The location is at the very edge of the historic district but it is certainly doable. We went to Savannah Coffee Roasters everyday instead, (amazing little place). This is a lovely hotel close to everything in town. I went to the dinning area for breakfast and the waitress that came out to greet me and take my order looked like she rolled out of bed and came to work.I could not order because it made me question who was cooking and did they look like her. The manager and bartender waited and bused tables and did everything they could to make sure everyone was taken care of. No one took any pride in their job (except perhaps the valet attendant). The pros, easy access to public parking across the street, comfortable beds,convenient location easy walk to River Street  The cons, indoor pool wasn't clean very murky water and freezing, no in room guides or information about the amenities or surrounding area. The proximity of the hotel was great walking distance- our longest walk took 15 minutes. We walked in and are checking out the room we find luggage and clothing of an existing guest still in the room. They seemed happy to tell me my reservation was not processed correctly...  Room was great (big bed) but old, stained bathtub/shower left something to be desired. All in all, things seem rather disorganized there, but it has potential to be a nice hotel. The hotel was nice, rooms were clean, staff was very helpful and very friendly. Jordan made our check in and check out process so smooth. And kids were in the gym giving the equipment havoc. Arrived late to a room with a painter's ladder, chipped paint and two dirty towels on the floor. For a city that relies on the tourist industry, this hotel needs some help. Hotels location is not in the heart of Downtown but close enough that if you want to explore different parts of town you can Uber to any of the must see areas for 6 to 7 dollars. Because you can hear every little noise from hallway and outside. Checked out to the hotel at 11:30 and went to go have lunch and did some final sight seeing, before we officially headed home, stoped at the gas station to fill up a car and notice damage to the bumper of my vehicle. We walked everywhere we went, the hotel is pretty close to all the historical parks, so make sure you bring good walking shoes, because there is hardly any parking on streets or even the restaurant, so either walk or find a parking deck you can leave car, they do have lots of hop on hop offs and pedicabs, pedicabs work on tips. Only complaint was that the restaurant was only open for breakfast and food was not very good. Staff was great, very helpful with local issue with tour guides. It’s at a prime location and the decor was very modern but it was very dirty. This process shouldn't take so long, especially with children in tow and no bellboy service. From checking in to getting to our room (third one!) Newer place, got in on a promotion so was not too expensive. Checking out the next morning was quick and easy, the fellow at the front desk was not very friendly. Creature comforts include Keurig coffee makers, mini fridges, large LCD televisions and en-suite bathrooms with free toiletries. Thank goodness the guest themselves were not there at that moment. Valet service was very good, valet was very friendly and assisted in local area search for us. Staff was excellent and helpful from the front desk to the concierge to housekeeping. We had issue with coffee maker and I will say the service was excellent we had a new one in less than 5 minutes. Immediately we let the front desk know of our experience they apologized and gave us a suite instead. The restaurant was hardly every open and for breakfast there was one cook and she was rude. wish the bar stayed open later, it was a sunday and bar was closed at before 9pm We were in an area were we could walk to most places. They skipped housekeeping one of three days that I spent there. There was a thick layer of dust that lined the room. The staff and hotel front desk were so nice and helpful. Garbage was left in room,  Also, the room had black colored carpet that obviously had not been cleaned in quite some time. Pros:  The hotel decor is modern and has an attractive appearance. For the same price I would recommend finding a B&B. But the construction, the physical maintenance, the quality of the furnishing is all 2-star level. The morning of checkout a bill arrived under the door charging my credit card. Neighborhood was ok, near highway ramp but easy 7 min walk to the active part of downtown. Only minor things like the closet door was off the hinge and the light at the bar area in our suite was not working. I always like to give the benefit of the doubt. No hotel info in room, no pen or paper; a 'single' nugget of soap; no shampoo refill. I reached out to the hotel and spoke with the General manager who states their valet is outsourced and would have the valet managment company reach out to me. The heated pool was not heat and did not look cleaned. From the hair ball in the tub to the stench of the drain cleaner to the snooty desk person, we had a terrible experience. This review could not be completed because at this point it changed languages. The hotel is located within a 5 to 15 minute walk to most local attractions. I probably should mention that I am African American and that he is not. Parking was terrible and loud construction noises as well as tons of dust and just overall dirty feeling. I suppose Savannah is an expensive place (by my standards), but my next visit will choose some other hotel in the historic district. I first want to say that Jordan was a blessing. The hotel was amazing and the staff were all very friendly and accommodating! We were left 1 coffee pod and 1 bathroom towel on our second day there. If you are just looking for just a nice hotel close to the river this is a good one. A week went by and no contact so I reached out to them again, just for them to tell me they are not liable. It did clear within 3 days but still reflects against my card's available balance. We had to go back for a 2nd room, and we were given one with a wall behind the window (not the view we were expecting), then finally the third room we were given was the charm. My feet felt sticky so I washed them with white washcloth before putting on shoes, and the bottom of my feet were FILTHY! Common areas so cold that many guests were heard complaining in the restaurant. Kitchen 320, the hip on-site restaurant on the ground floor, serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. We ran out of Kleenex and toilet paper and we had to ask for some more. I told her that I didn't have a problem with the fee but that I did have a problem with being expected to through a lamp through the window. And the last morning, we realized the shower curtain had been taken down and a new one was replaced! The hotel staff was kind and offered to re clean the room but there was no helping the cause. We are now back at home and it is still charged to the card....at a lower rate than the hotels.com rate. The hotel needs to invest in a different cleaning staff with higher standards. Our room had multiple lightbulbs out, a toilet that was difficult to flush, a smoke detector that chirped even though we requested the batteries be changed, and a dripping tub. Not worth the money, it was not clean and worn down. When we come back to Savannah, we'll definitely come back again! We loved the location of the B Historic - within walking distance to many restaurants, SCAD buildings, and Forsythe Park. When we pulled up to the valet to check in, the valet guy just looked at us but did not come out which we thought was weird. Breakfast in the attached restaurant felt like it was thrown together. It just felt like with a little bit more effort and thought this would be a great hotel. great location , walking distance to downtown and historic district. Next door to it is the Georgia State Railroad Museum showcasing historic trains and locomotives. When we called to let the front desk know, they said they’d send someone to look at it the following day. We were there during the only snow storm Savannah had. It is are trying to be a high quality boutique hotel but not quite making it. Food pricing was a little high for what you get. So our showers were difficult but we had an early flight to catch and didn't have time to wait. The maid service did not clean my room after I told her yes I would like the service. I'll definitely stay here again when I come back to Savannah. great hotel only downside was tiny 4ft pool and no room service. Hotel first impression was excellent service and lobby on point. When I arrived due to the holiday it was super busy. We ran out of everything and they were stingy about giving us more and always told us there was not enough staff, we had to come get it. After showering I walked around room barefoot while getting ready to go out. We paid almost $400/night because of St Patrick's day, but I was extremely surprised to not have a bellboy and have to wait about 10 mins for valet parking to take our car, and to give it back. We did go out and walk to dinner and shopping, and everything was very convenient. I selected the bottle of hand/body wash, flipped the cap and attempted to squeeze it's content into my hand. The surrounding area brims with antebellum architecture and attractive cobbled streets. Nicely remodeled hotel, but I don't think I will stay there again. Her lack of professionalism killed the kindness of all other staff members. That was not the issue the issue was I had no refrigerator in my room and it was half cleaned with the last person dirty sock. We wanted to treat ourselves to a nice hotel for our honeymoon, and we picked this hotel based off of the pictures and walking proximity to downtown. Also- it wasn’t the end of the world, but our room only received housekeeping service 2/6 nights. The only negative to our room was the loud ac unit. However, I never saw anyone eat there, breakfast, lunch or dinner, the whole time we were there...not sure what was going on. Many of the details that make for easy and comfortable travel were missing and they didn't have a clue. Unfortunately I was booked for less time than requested / needed and ended up scrambling to find another hotel room in the area which I had to book at a different , higher rate . Bed very comfortable and seemed bigger than a king size. The hotel is nice-ish on the inside- it looks like a lot of money was sunk into renovations, but perhaps not upkeep. All in all, I was expecting better service for what we paid, but the room was comfortable. Also very clean, which is to me the most important. We walked the 40 ft to the front desk with our 2 bags on wheels. Found about five minutes' walk away, Savannah Children’s Museum is a great family-friendly attraction featuring outdoor activities like a maze and sensory garden. The food was ok, but the service at some places was not very good. Someone had obviously charged their phone in the room whilst cleaning (or other visit?) The front desk employees were nice and also helpful and informative. Our experience didn’t start great, but it did change for a very good experience. Check-in begins at the curb where the doorman asked my husband to wait so that he could help with our luggage.
I didn't realize it had a mini kitchen in it. Touch of Italy serves breakfast, lunch and dinner while guests can enjoy lunch or afternoon snacks at the Pool Bar and Grill. For what the they charge you would think they could maintain the place. Located 66 blocks up the coast in Ocean City, all rooms in this hotel have ocean-view rooms. For what I paid to stay there I expected more. Loved the pool bar and grill as usual but was surprised that they closed for grill/outdoor bar for the season on Saturday night, not Sunday. Room had a nice view of ocean, disappointed in very unfriendly staff at front desk...not helpful either. Guests can swim at the indoor pool or enjoy some sun at the outdoor pool and also use the two tubs at the Holiday Inn Ocean City. The beds were very comfortable and the suite was very clean. and this was one of the best times spent there. Hotel is old and it shows, beds were comfortable and overall room relatively clean. After our two nights we wanted to sleep in and extend our check out time and the manager graciously extended it by an extra 2 hours. There is a pool bar there and private access to the beach. The vents on the floor every one of them had clumps of hair in them disgusting!!!! Same is true for the hotel overall, except the lobby which looks nicer. Even though you are in Ocean City Maryland, the hotel accommodations and staff makes you feel like you are at a resort. I will definitely stay here on all my OC visits. Even though the hotel is conveniently located near the ocean, it seems to be in a desperate need of cleaning and updating. The view of the beach from my room was wonderful. If you value the beach access and fairly friendly staff then book here, but don't expect updated amenities or a clean/new look or feel to the place. The hotel manger Vlad Paic was very professional, courteous and attentive to the needs of his quest. Our toilet was leaking so they changed our room quickly and compensated us for the issue. Was looking for a quiet off season get away with my wife but the convention at hotel killed that. Everyone who works at the hotel was both kind and accommodating. The week I spent in Ocean City was perfect, because I stayed in the perfect hotel. Also extremely pleased with expedia’s Accommodation, including early check-in and a food voucher. This Holiday Inn meets or exceeds company and industry standards at a very reasonable price. I've stayed here about 4 times and look forward to my next visit. Though the room was clean it was in need of an update. The bathrooms and halls need upgrading.. the bath rooms need lots of cleaning.. Didn't have to ask for extra towels for the third guest in the room. I decided to go on an overnight get away with my mom and chose hotels.com and g it a great deal. I came into my room and sat on the bed. We come here almost every time we come to Ocmd. Service was good, the area is beautiful, and the extra activities are perfect. friendly staff  easy check in and out Room was nice and clean The food inside the hotel was wonderful and will definitely return. The hotel is in a very good location and will stay there again. The only negative at all was the person on the desk at check-in (around 11 PM). The room was clean and comfortable, the view was amazing, and the beach area was more than expected. Won't get into specifics but I will never stay again. Rooms come equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels, DVD players, a kitchenette with refrigerator, coffee maker and a private balcony. My room on the other hand was in poor condition. Did not expect it to be as good as we found it to be! If I needed anything, all I needed to do was ask. I called the front office; they came and took care of it. Good for the price but will probably try someplace else next time. Other reviews prepared me for this but I thought the location and beach access still made it worth it. Loved the full kitchen and really loved the beautiful view from out Eastern Oceanfront room. We went for a weekend gate away with my girlfriend and her daughter, we arrived a little after 1am, the staff were very friendly and welcoming, gave us hot chocolate since it was a very cold night, we had a great time , the housekeepers were very nice and friendly as well, the rooms are a little dated but overall they are clean and cozy, the bathroom tubs could be modified for new look. Bags of used linens laying around the corridors.Not what was expected from a Holiday Inn. Lauren and the rest of the staff were very friendly and made our stay flare at. Staff was accommodating; I arrived late but not a problem. The carpet in the hallway and inside the room is filthy and old. Not our first time staying there and will not be our last. Great food, polite, helpful staff and a great view of the ocean from the balcony! Quick and easy beach access, nice staff, but in need of repairs. Room was nice and clean but bed was very soft and killed my back. No big deal...just surprised that they didn't stay open the entire weekend. We enjoyed sitting on our balcony looking at the ocean and relaxing. We had a wonderful stay.upon arrival we were given a bottle of wine. The restaurant is right in the hotel and food is good especially breakfast. She wasn't rude but she wasn't warm and friendly either. The staff was extremely friendly and always gave one year old daughter extra attention. The manger gave me a gift card to the restaurant in the lobby and a cheap bottle of wine. Checked in to a nice lobby, nice looking restaurant and bar. It’s the beach at its best at Holiday Inn Ocean City. The room Was nice, beds were comfortable .. enjoyed our fireplace & dvd player.. Nice view.. Nice pool & hot tubs.. Good restaurant & bar downstairs...I would recommend We were there with another couple and their room was just as bad. The Ocean City Boardwalk is less than ten-minutes away from the hotel by car. The view of the beach is what made the stay amazing. The room as nice and a great view of the ocean.the restaurant/bar was very clean an excellent service and the restaurant was fantastic....we will be back staff was professional and room was a bargain,we will be back Their pool and hot tubs are fantastic and the rooms are so comfy. Our room was very spacious and the beds and pull out sofa were very comfortable. The hotel was nice but the swimming pool area was not to clean. We were met by cheerful and helpful staff at the front desk. Surprisingly good hotel for an end of the season get away. This family-friendly property has a game room and many other amenities designed to entertain the young and young at the heart. There is also a fitness center and tennis courts available plus there are a range of activities scheduled for kids during the summer. Easily accessible with less congestion using the Ocean City Expressway Bridge Rt. Overall room was ok ... was not happy with handicap assessable room did Request nor needed showering was not the best but manageable Old hotel with mold carpet and poor condition on all facility. Booked a King room and received room with 2 double beds. Room service trays with food waste left all over the place including right outside our room door when we checked in after 3 P.M. I had a few issues with the dvd player and toilet and both were fixed within a matter of minutes.
Hotel Hotel Silva is located a few steps away from Musei di Villa Torlonia and is within eight-minutes walk of Bologna metro station which provides direct access to the Colosseo within 15-minutes. A simple buffet breakfast served daily in the bright breakfast room. Guest rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV, in-room safe, desk, mini-fridge, air conditioning with climate control and complimentary toiletries. The 13 rooms are spread out over four levels and feature traditional decor and wooden furniture. The hotel features an outdoor patio and garden area where breakfast can be taken. The front desk is open 24-hours a day and includes tours and ticket information. Hotel Hotel Silva is set in a charming Art Nouveau style building and offers budget-friendly accommodation in a quiet area.
The included hot breakfast is always nice, and allows me to save money when travelling. The Hampton Inn Atlanta-Cumberland Mall-NW is a 3-star property located on Cumberland Parkway, Atlanta. We'll be staying here again off/on when we have to go back in the area in May. Atlanta city centre is 12 miles away with attractions such as the Martin Luther King Center, the CNN Center, Piedmont Park and Philips Arena, which hosts concerts as well as sporting events. Faucet in bath vanity was poorly installed so that plunger could not be pulled up and sink sealed. The inn serves a complimentary hot breakfast and also offers room service. Arrived around 10 PM and was able to find restaurant opened in area. The hotel is also well lit & of course cameras outside so that's a plus for my vehicle. Very clean, staff were awesome, room was large, great breakfast, nice location We just needed a place to stay for a night while traveling. I've stayed in many different types of hotels so I can deal with crappy wifi being my only con to my stay. Great location to stay at if you are in town to watch the Atlanta Braves! Accommodation suitable for disabled guests is available, and guide dogs are allowed. Hotel was nearby a lot of things including the Cumberland mall, Camicakes (world's best cupcakes!!! However our room was right next to an outside door, vending machines, and elevators. Safety is always a concern when I travel & I definitely feel this hotel is in a safe location. Over all very nice and convenient to many things in Atlanta. Just missed bridge collapse in Atlanta, so I was lucky to be able to get on the move the next morning. We stayed on the back side of the hotel so sometimes you hear people leaving in the mornings because that's the side where parking is but I get up early so no biggy for me. The staff went out of there way to make sure their customers were enjoying there stay. Came back from an outing and noticed bugs still there. We were woken up before 6 am by other guests using the exercise room located next to us...people who don't know how to keep a door from slamming behind them! The breakfast was what you would expect, plenty of room. Ever since my sister has raved to me about the Hampton Inn brand being her hotel of choice I have followed her lead when planning trips. Me and my fiancé enjoyed our stay for Valentine's weekend, the room was great, the staff was wonderful, even the complimentary  breakfast was good. I'm not super picky nor am I the type that'll stay just anywhere so with that being said... Love this place! The business centre offers fax and printing facilities, and meeting space is available for private functions. The bed was comfortable enough but I think it slept hot  I couldn't turn the thermostat below 65 and this menopausal woman gets HOT! When I said something about it the lady said “that is why people request to be away from the elevators”. My only advice is that its about a 20-30 minute drive from downtown Atlanta, so I'd recommend renting a car. The shower has a door instead of curtain - I preferred and the comforter and room appeared clean, nothing wrong and for the price it was a winner. Lots of room to sit and eat, then off to the business that brought me to Atlanta. This hotel was in a great part of Atlanta, close to the new baseball stadium (the whole reason for our trip) and was clean, accessible and the morning food was delicious! It is a great value if you wish to be within walking distance of Cobb Galleria, the baseball stadium and the big mall. Room was very clean, comfy beds & after we left during the day our room was cleaned when we returned. We had a restful night although they could provide pillows with more support. The breakfast was awesome & a little different each morning. Very nice and well kept hotel , near the Braves stadium Some rooms also have a seating area with a sofa bed. Super helpful and friendly staff who went out of their way to be helpful! Pleasant person at the front desk provided us with what we had expected despite the fact that the hotel did not have our reservation on file. I was very pleased with the hotel and the friendliness of the staff and location. The Cobb Galleria Convention Center is less than a mile from the inn. Stayed in rm 216 for two nights then we switched to the ground floor rm 131. I would definitely stay here again or recommend a friend :) Bathroom had mold told reception and returned to room later and it was cleaned. The WiFi is pretty weak but that's really my only complaint. Wifi Internet access is free in all public and private areas, and there is no charge for parking. Guests can make use of the fitness centre as well as the outdoor pool. The free breakfast was definitely one of the best offering I've had in a long time. We had a very pleasant 4 night stay The only issue was that the shower curtain didn't keep the water in as  it was an odd fit for the shower Other than that a very positive experience I really can't say enough good things about this Hamton Inn. working and traveling can be lonely, but plenty of nice people to talk with here There is nothing exceptional about this hotel but the staff was friendly, room was clean and it is very close to the area we wanted to explore. Each & every person we came in contact with there were so friendly & helpful! ), rite aid, and gas station as well as several other restaurants. Another nice thing is the complementary wifi, although I feel as though they have changed their policy with that now that they offer two options. Told staff and they changed the sheet but still no mattress pad to make the bed a little more comfy. Hot drinks are free of charge, and there is a laundry service. Expedia did book 3 people in a room with one bed however the nice hotel staff at the front helped us out. The bed was missing a mattress pad so the sheets slipped off in the night. Their location is very convenient, right next to the mall close to all freeways. Perfect location for out of town ppl who dont know the area. Everything was great until i noticed lots of ants/bugs outside in the hallway. For a relatively new hotel, it had a lot of noise during the night. Very pleasant hotel close to excellent restaurants, shopping and conveniently near major transpotation arteries
Pests, you can't put the air conditioning on high or it'll flood the room. This was after I checked The bed a million times to make sure there was bed bugs. The (cramped) shower was dirty and had visible dark marks all over the floor, and the shower door had marks on it as well. Don't be fooled by the pictures, the room we stayed in looks literally NOTHING like them, because it is a COMPLETELY different apartment in layout, cleanliness, and quality. Correspondence and check-in process is very annoying - the property would not send me the address and unit number in the building I would be staying in until my flight landed. I Did Take Picture In My Camera.. Can Upload Them Now But The Room Was Discusting the Shower Was Brokend No smoke Alarm Dirty Clothes In The Closest ...The Bed In The Livings Room Broken It Was Just The Worst ... The included kitchen unit provides all the necessary appliances for making meals or storing groceries. As a person who likes to have all travel details organized and all my ducks in a row before travel I found this extremely stressful and rude. The pillows on the bed were extremely rough throw pillows that I wouldn't even want on my couch. There was a big orange power cable which ran across the room to power the WiFi (which had a good signal and was the best thing about the room). The room itself was fine, standard apartment, sofa, dining table, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. The studio was in a very dark part of SB and it seemed so unsafe. I thought a studio would be better but boy was I wrong.. everything about this place is wrong I will never book from here or expedia again. He sent an Uber to pick us up and we went to the apartment. When we arrived I realised that it was not the address on our confirmation, it was another 4 streets back, we booked 3 streets from the beach, and now we were further. The Lincoln Road Mall, Miami International Airport, Bayfront Park, and the famous Ocean Drive are reachable by car. The location is great but the checkin was the worst checkin in my life. Location was an 8-10min walk to South Beach, and less than 15min drive to Downtown. The hot water didn't work, and when I called the staff I was told to turn the hot water on in the kitchen and bathroom and it should heat up in 5mins, this was a little annoying having to do this every time. Arrived at the address in the posting and phone a management number as instructed by check-in instruction email. It was 100% bad.. Did not put us in the room we book which was only 3 min walk to the beach.. First of all I did not get what I paid for got to the location was put in the Uber and sent to a different location and forced to spend the night when I get there I have no keys to close the place had to wait an hour and then go back on another Uber pick up the keys come back lock up the place take another Uber to the location for the rest of my party was at where I belong next day three different locations six different Ubers nightmare & still would not common date or refund The Nightmare Night unbelievable very unprofessional There is no parking till 3 blocks away, the room was dirty, small with broken windows and the bed.. omg.. it was broken so it sank on one side simple flat white sheets with 2 flat pillows I was able to sleep 2 hours and me and my husband came back home with back pains! The bed sheets and towels had obviously not been bleached or cleaned properly. When we went inside this apartment building, the corridor was full of bleach smell. If you think this place is too nice for its price, it actually is. I called 3 times, the first 2 were unanswered, went to voice mail, but it was full so I couldn't leave a message. The location is great and the staff is pretty friendly. After waiting 20 minutes a guy came to greet us who seems so sketchy bc he insisted we brought our bags up before we got our keys. When I did call them upon arrival in Miami they didn't answer for around thirty minutes as I sat in the airport calling them over and over. When we called to complain about the room looking NOTHING like the photos advertised (in style, cleanliness, or quality) they told us that the pictures advertised were taken of one room they sell, but not all. I would pass on this if you are looking for all the services that a hotel provides - but for my needs as a single traveler on a budget and looking to cook while on vacation - this worked out well enough. Kitchenette and bathroom not clean, no maintainance and no service (no towels, no bedsheets change, shower curtain moldy, no toilet paper, ) over one full week, very loud in the morning due to dump trucks in the alley. From checking in to everything about this stay was horrible, upon arriving they ask you to call to make sure someone can greet you well I did, And the guy couldn't even slow down so I can write down the address of where they was sending us too. Fyi the place looked NOTHING like the pictures absolutely NOTHING like it This studio apartment is conviniently close to all mayor stores like Victoria secret, dash, Aldo, guess, banana republic and more. Avoid this place at all cost if you want to spare yourself an unpleasant experience. The bathroom is SHARED WITH THE BEDROOM as in one wall of the bedroom is a curtain which supposedly separates the two. It's also a block away from the beach and ocean drive perfect for walking the strip and bars. I did see what appeared to be a cockroach stroll across the kitchen floor one night. Worst place I ever stayed at, they don't suck as much as expedia customer service line though. As we approach the room's door, two cleaning ladies came up and said we had to wait outside when they clean the room. Definitely a great location for all the south beach hot spots. They put us far from the beach was a 19 min walk.... It was very unsettling, but the building itself was dated and extremely humid so I try to be forgiving. The information provided told us to go to a cafe where we would check in, on arrival the cafe staff said this is not a check in spot, rather a representative would meet us here once we called. Elevator stock no one help you , no answer at the emergency number , I sleep in the main hall because elevator was out of service service stairs are locked by code which I don had it  , no water for 2 days it was the worst service ever We called to ask about parking arrangement but phone was not picked up. We were then told to go to a different address from the one listed in this posting with no explanation on why. The bed itself offers no comfort, unless you enjoy the feeling of every single spring and barely any padding. There were dirty marks all over the bedroom walls as well. On checkout, we went to the office, and were able to leave our luggage in storage until we needed to catch our flight. I feel that they can do a little better on the price for what you're getting. If you left a light on at night people outside could clearly see into your room through the glass front door (in an apartment complex... When we arrived at the new address, the place was on a street section that was under construction and we had to park our car a couple street away. We peeked inside and room and saw that it is no where close to similar to the pictures in the posting. Completely rude and unprofessional he actually was not the only person who was rude there was 3 more of them that kept answering the phone. Once I was able to navigate to the property I was very pleased with the location and state of the apartment - it was perfect for my needs as a single traveler, and only a short walk to markets, shops, bars, the beach, practically anything you could need. Hotel management did not warn us about this construction or gave parking instruction prior to arrival. 30 minutes later the cleaning was still not done, so we called/messaged hotel management for a refund to find another place, but no one got back to us. Work and lie to me and say that whole area but everyone else at cable but me...will never book again... All the give u is lies lies and more lies The third time it was answered, the man on the phone asked me to walk 4 blocks to another location for check in, I refused, having all my luggage, and said this should have been outlined in the first place. I only wish that they had included at least an extra blanket for sleeping, as there were only sheets on the bed, which I don't find exceptionally comfortable. We decided to take our loss and went to another hotel near the beach instead. Bath tub was dirty one roll of tissue for 5 days no full length mirror so u can see yourself. There were extra towels and blankets, but the bed was quite uncomfortable. They did try to put me in a space that I really didn't like and I refused and that's when I was  moved to the better location/apartment. Guests can purchase supplies, dine out, or find drinks in the surrounding streets of the district. There was a man there to check us in, this was seamless - leaving his phone number if we needed anything. The pull out couch wasn't any better you can see rips going on all over the couch and bed..
If you want to lounge in the hotel and soak up the vibe, this isnt for you. No microwave or fridge in the room and the tv is small. I would like for them to take the $15 off. Odd little window in the bathroom so close the sliding bathroom door if you dont want wakened by the daylight. I will say remember they do charge resort fees in Vegas. Will definitely Stu there again of I ever get a chance to go back to Vegas One luggage in the trunk, and the other one I had to put in the back seat of the car. Housekeeping in the hallway apologized and immediately when inside to clean it. Many restaurants and coffee shop to chose from for breakfast, lunch and or dinner. my first time I was stay this hotel but I very like it . One problem was there were too many non players lounging around and occupying seats at the race and sports book . I have been in a lot of hotels and I would say that it is just okay. Ice machine was broken had to go to another floor. Ample dining options allow visitors to choose from a range of fresh seafood, prime steaks, spectacular Chinese dishes, or casual fare like barbecue ribs and chips – the choices are endless. All of the staff I encountered were helpful and friendly. Cheep  shuttle will take you to the Orleans and the main strip every half hour ...The casino is not bad and the buffet is good and very affordable if you're looking for a affordable hotel off the strip it's not a bad place to stay... Very good for familes and groups as it is not the largest in Vegas so you can find your group pretty quickly. A non smoking room with handicap access was unavailable so the room was stuffy with stale smoke smell. So when I get to the hotel, I parked on the roof of the garage. Staff at check in, bellman and valet parking were all professional and happy to assist us. And I tell my wife if next trip come to visit Las Vegas asgain I like stay in Gold Cast hotel finally I did stay in here for 3 nights . Construction started right at 6:50am Monday morning, so no sleeping in. You come back at 1:15 after wasting your time and now there is a line. Room was very good, but the smoking in the Casino is always an issue I didn't want to leave my luggage in the car, afraid someone would break in. But hey, I have paid $8 for the same thing elsewhere. Room was awesome and employees were very helpful, friendly and accomadating i love this hotel...always clean, rooms are quiet, the staff, from the cleaning crew to the waitress's, security guard, front desk, everyone i had contact with was pleasant, friendly and helpful. Room service lacked a bit but when we spoke to the manager she was very helpful and gave us credit to our room for meals. Only there from 3pm to 9:00 leaving on red eye at midnight. 8.00 dollar breakfast and 10.00 lunch with lots of chooses. Overall a better experience than I expected for an older establishment. The hotel has a casino and also walking distance to Rio and Palms casino. We won’t visit the buffet ever again but we may be back to the hotel. The bed was ok but the two chairs were not comfortable for long sitting. We stayed two days and nights left a day early on Wednesday March 28th we had seen enough of Vegas and my foot was very swollen from all the walking couldn’t do it anymore!! Housekeeping spoiled us with extra coffee so we could enjoy our mornings. One for my girls who turned 21 and one for me and my husband. The hotel said to contact you because we left a day early so we need reimbursed for Wednesday March 28th we left by 10:00 am!! We decided to stay in an older hotel  it was different in a good way. We thought everything was fine and the central location is great. requested non-smoking room...was told a check, none available... room stunk like an ashtray...   then... internet access... said on the check in screen that it was $0 for 24 hours... got charged $72... will never ever use that hotel again & definitely will not refer it to anyone either..... rumor that they lost one of the big AFTER PARTY because of the same type of crap that I got.... BAD SERVICE!!! It was the first time we stayed on this hotel and everything was ok, except for the buffet it doesn't have a lot of variety of food, for the same price you can get a really better one at The Orleans. Very clean, good breakfast buffett, not super fancy but overall a great clean room, decent food, and a great price. The hotel gave us the deluxe room (which was not comfortable), and refused to give us the room looks like what posted on Orbitz website. The buffet was good and the price was also good. Actual cost of per day stay is room and Resort fees of $$80 !!!! Nothing impressive, stayed because it was reasonable and close to the Star Trek Convention. Besides that, it was a clean and comfortable room, definitely we would stay here again. It is a long walk from parking to lobby even with elevator ( especially with luggage). Excellent access to bathroom for wheelchair but no seat for shower. We were very busy checking out the casino's in the area. There was a whizing sound by the door during the day, although it didn’t bother me too much as I spent most of the time touring, I could have done without that sound. This is great for a cheap bed not far from the action. You can't avoid walking around the casino without smelling the smoke. The casino was huge, we enjoyed the pool, bowling alley and bingo room also. The location was great, the price was great and it had everything we needed. I don't think it fair you have to pay extra. An outdoor heated pool, and a hot tub and spa ensure total relaxation, while a fitness and business centre adds another level of convenience for all. The lady couldn't find my reservation and I had to show her my email confirmation. go to have fun not a lot of traffic  very friendly  and an older crowd if that's what your looking for This is my second stay in the past six months and we so pleasantly surprised at the new remodeled rooms. They simply said picture on Orbitz website does not match what they actually have. She then proceeded to enter the address on my driver's license and didn't even bother to confirm it was correct. Everything is beautiful and I enjoyed being away from downtown with all the crowds and noise. I felt like the front desk punished us for getting a good deal online and gave us the worst room possible. Clean rooms, close to the Strip with good restaurants and dining. Had a clogged shower and it took two calls to get help. Pretty nice view of buildings on the strip and surrounding Casinos (Rio and Palms). The noise from trucks off loading air ducts was so loud we flew out of bed. I also appreciated the choice of restaurants within the hotel. Didn't have time to check out the pool area, but next time ! Have stayed at the Gold Coast in Las Vegas many many times over the past 25 years and have been pleased. Ping Pang Pong was good and busy, service was slow and soups were tasteless. We’ve stayed here many times and this was the worst stay. If the resort fee is MANDATORY why does it have to be paid at check-out? The mattress appeared to have some broken springs in it. Obviously the initial room  cost is very good and the added resort fee is hidden from view until check-out. Very cheap beer but you have to get your timing right - I could never work out why a beer was sometimes $1.25 and sometimes $4.00 for the same bottle. The price is awesome, easy parking, and the location is great! Orbitz must clearly show the actual cost of the room. Cable TV, in-room phones, and paid Wi-Fi is also included. I liked the hotel ,buffet and distance to strip . The staff is very pleasant to deal with and the room was clean. I booked us a deluxe King room and got a rude attitude at the front desk that when you book online you never are guarenteed a King bed. So when I was going to check in, they said it would be a extra $15 for early check in. We ordered the premium room, which is much more expensive when compared with the deluxe room. This was my fifth time staying at the Gold Coast. Got the 1st floor way at the end of the 2 mile long hall. I did not like the door(less) shower, as water got all over the floor when showering. A myriad of facilities and services ensures guests have an excellent variety of activities at their disposal. great staff n property... be the GREATEST if they could guarantee my winning at the crap table The cost of our rooms was clearly stated when we booked. Modern rooms feature work desks and coffee-making facilities for guest convenience, as well as en-suite bathrooms with speciality bath amenities. Very surprised and angry when we HAD to pay an extortionate Resort fee of $20 per day! I was come visit this hotel before but didn’t stay in . With the Las Vegas Strip just two kilometres from Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, and 86 000 square feet of casino space open around the clock, travellers are invited to experience entertainment like never before. Crab legs were on the menu but none were available. The room was not cleaned when we opened the door. The Fremont Experience in downtown Las Vegas, where the entertainment never stops, is about a 15-minute drive from Gold Coast Hotel & Casino. While there was some noise in the evening, I appreciated being close to the Lobby and getting to the conference rooms quickly. The decor is a bit dark and could use a little updating. The hotel staff and rooms were ok although the hotel itself is old and outdated. We didn't sleep hardly at all since the mattress was so uncomfortable. Excellent room and excellent stay overall, only complaint was that our room was not cleaned two of the five days we were there, in the hotels defense however, we did sleep until noon after extensive revelry the nights before. Small amount of rooms and rooms aren't real big, but they are modern, nice and quiet. Good experience the hotel is older but my room was clean and nice. The full length mirror was virtually useless because of a movable closet placed inappropriately for mirror use. We called Orbitz 4 times, every time I called, Orbitz says the hotel's system is down. Parking is super easy and access is good off the interstate. I also did not like the ice chest, cups and coffee maker being in the bathroom on the sink counter. The casino and main floor is a bit dated, but the rooms were very nice. Our room was clean and a nice size with a comfy bed.
The location and friendliness of everyone made the experience a pleasant surprise. The hotel had only enough amenities to be considered as 3-star hotel. Since I was on English time, I woke early and used the desk for a number of hours. Stay was fine...was there asa result of the storm knocking out power to where I was staying... Some of the front desk people we nice, some were very standoffish, borderline rude. This was an overnight stay between a flight arrival from the UK and boarding a cruise ship. I travel 40+ weeks per year for business and this was a personal trip - very disappointed in this location. Restaurant Service is slow, and staff is in need of a lesson on friendliness. Free 24/7 shuttle to the airport, and likely the closest hotel to Terminal A. It was a great experience to drop off the car the night before, have a leisurely lie in, a great breakfast, and then a quick shuttle ride into the airport to head out. Guests may enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast, unwind with a drink at the complimentary Evening Reception, or dine in the on-site restaurant, Porter Bar & Grill. THE ONLY PLUS WAS THAT THE AIRPORT SHUTTLE DRIVER WAS VERY, VERY NICE! peeling wallpaper, damaged wallpaper, dirty worn upholstery, dirty carpet, mould around the bath, shower and sink, noisy air-conditioning. The rooms were as expected - although the second room had a peculiar odor - I think maybe new carpeting. Sat at restaurant table 15 minutes, waitress walked by, then a bartender walked by, not even a I'll be right with you, nothing. The hotel was freezing due to problems with the heat that day. Valet attendants and housekeepers were nice and did their best. This is also one of the new format and it makes breakfast real  slow Too many other options in Boston to  deal with this hotel again. Hotel MUST be accessed via the airport roads, can't enter from neighborhood - gates block the way. We ordered room service, and it was quick, but the food wasn't very good. Lots of static in the room though, and no shower pressure at all. One would expect 24 hours service from an airport hotel. PLUS, THE HOTEL WANTED TO CHARGE US $44 FOR PARKING OUR CAR - WHICH WE PICKED UP AT THE AIRPORT - FOR 2.5 HOURS!!! Walked out and got dinner elsewhere after being totally ignored. The only issue we had was with the airport shuttle. We actually stayed two weekends in a row as Boston was the departure/reentry for a European vacation. When I called down to ask for a blanket, someone from housekeeping delivered a crib. The hot food was not particularly hot, but the make-to-order omelets were excellent. the hot tub's water was very cool and not comfortable to go into. Great breakfast great shuttle to airlines Orr and the T.  Highly recommend TV in the bedroom was unplugged and the outlet was behind a very large armoire. When I arrived at the hotel on Saturday, Feb. 10, I was so pleased with the room and its features. shuttle is great, people helpful, breakfast is good, close to some really good restaurants One caveat for those with wheelchairs; while the bathroom is good and the sitting room, it could be tough to manoeuver in the bedroom because of the size of the credenza, a problem which could maybe be solved by removing the doors, but still very little space between the end of the bed and the unit. We stayed the night, had a wonderful free breakfast, hot and cold, everything from pastry to eggs and bacon, great coffee. That said, the buffet breakfast that was included was good, had lots of options and could be improved by going until 10am instead of 9 for those of us coming in jet-lagged. They kept an eye on my renatl car whilst II placed my bags in the room and then made it so easy for me to drop off the car aat the rental car drop off point - right next door  Nice people Embassy Suites by Hilton Boston at Logan Airport features a 24-hour business centre, fitness centre, and an indoor pool with a whirlpool. Hotel store needs to be improved since there is so little in the area. It was a very nice end to a great trip. It is right on the airport, and the hotel shuttles run all night. The room we booked was unavailable, so the hortel gave us 2 priority suites instead. The hotel offers 273 spacious two-room suites with a TV in each room, as well as a well-lit work table, wet bar, refrigerator, microwave, and coffeemaker in the living area. I arrived after that time and could not order anything after a flight of 16 hours. Free breakfast which is good but would like a broader dinner and snack menu since there is Not much to do in area and not much within walking distance. Hotel under renovation Short staffed and much confusion regarding overnight parking. I did not give the hotel a full 5 rating because arriving at 11 PM from my flight I found no food options at the hotel. Then, walked around the park out front to the T station, went downtown and walked the freedom trail, stored our luggage and then picked it up and took the shuttle to the airport for a late overseas flight The New England Aquarium, Paul Revere Mall, and the Wharf are also within four miles. After an international flight it was great to find a hotel that was bright and cheerful with excellent staff. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. Food selection was OK but not as extensive as I would have liked. The staff person at the front desk did provide me with a delivery option from the outside but I would have preferred the option of at least a sandwich and a soda in-house. After repeatedly calling the hotel and being told the shuttle was on its way, it seemed that they had only one shuttle running picking up passengers from all terminals and would get filled before it came to our terminal. Nice suite with plenty of room, coffee maker in the room, two nice, large TVs. From start to finish the staff was helpful and made sure we enjoyed our stay. WE PICKED IT UP, WENT TO CHECK INTO THE HOTEL, AND LEFT ABOUT TWO HOURS LATER...AND THEN RETURNED THE CAR BEFORE GOING BACK TO THE HOTEL. I booked here because my flight was getting in too late to get back to the Cape and it turned out to be a good place to be stormbound once I did a bit of food shopping. The interior of the unit was cut to accommodate the newer TV, leaving a cut edge of particleboard exposed. This is a great hotel and for the proximity to the airport, it is reasonably priced. AC / Heat was a bit flaky, hot tub was ice cold day 1 (which was definitely a disappointment with us calling ahead about this on a last minute booking and being told they had one)... but overall we enjoyed the trip We also needed to call front desk to get a hair dryer (which is odd, since that's usually already there in other hotel rooms). The hotel is right behind the car rental facility for Logan airport which was really nice. Utterly convenient to the airport  (and the Car Rental complex). Well connected by rail, air, and a complimentary 24-hour shuttle, Embassy Suites by Hilton Boston at Logan Airport is an ideal base for a business or vacation trip to its historic city. Tucked away behind what used to be Thrifty Car, the ES is truly a great place to stay when traveling through Logan. Overall, however, the feel was very sterile and the hallways, elevator and lobby are industrial and not well kept. Nice hotel, pool was closed which was a big disappointment for us. Room tv cable was out due to weather, but fixed within a few hours. We were given an accessible room, which was okay for 3 adults. We had to wait for a whole hour to get us picked up from the airport in 10 F weather. Hotel was very enjoyable to stay at, great links to Boston centre and airport. A lobster roll at Faneuil Hall is only three miles away, and a cannoli in Little Italy only four. THE HOTEL STILL HASN'T FOLLOWED UP WITH HER, A DAY AFTER HER DEPARTURE FROM THE HOTEL. I'm not sure why I got a handicapped accessible suite, but it was great to have the tiny fridge and microwave so I could stock up on food rather than shell out exorbitant prices for room service (meal+$5 delivery charge? Breakfast was a huge spread of food, some of it was Luke warm Stayed and had a big rain storm So a lot of people tried to eat there. Hotel was nice beds sagged, unconfortable, shower turn on and off was broken, my son had to turn it on and off for me , mold in shower, hotel staff were very nice, buffett breakfast was good, I know there are renovations, as the room looked a little tired. Free shuttle bus to the airport was so helpful for us. Good price for the convenient location, and the room was clean and comfortable, and staff was friendly. Every employee with whom we came in contact was cheerful, polite, friendly, and helpful. This sort of cheap modification is not what is expected of a Hilton property. THE THIEF LEFT HER COSTUME JEWELRY...DEFINITELY KNEW SOMETHING ABOUT WHAT WAS VALUABLE! I booked a room because I arrived late in Boston from London. We received recommendations for dining both times that proved to be wonderful. The hotel was clean and neat, just what I wanted. The only problem was the bathroom sink was stopped up. Overall, well worth the money, and the location was perfect for our early morning flight. The armoire doors would not stay open unless propped in that position. The guy at the front desk did a great job of putting all of our rooms close together. The room was very comfortable, in fact it was a mini suite with separate living room. I was absolutely impressed with everything about the hotel except for the fact that the posted price for overnight valet parking was $49 and they charged my bank account $74 Other than it served our purpose well of needing a hotel before an early morning flight. The bed was very comfortable and good for getting a good nights sleep. The breakfast buffet included was okay: pretty standard, nothing fancy. SHE WAS ONLY GONE A FEW HOURS FROM THE ROOM. Ask for Calvin, he took care of us at 2am! Great hotel,  close to Boston and T. Highly recommend. Take a cab from airpot then go back and get your rental car in the morning
Unfortunately, unbeknownst to us, they had construction going on and that was not made clear by either comments on the website, Expedia or mgt. No need to fuss with a hotel lobby, elevator and long hallways. The motel style building is perfect for lots of comings and goings. Only issue was construction work inside hotel courtyard with loud power tools started at 7:30 AM on Sunday morning! Not sure when construction will be over, it was a small inconvenience for nice hotel and the a warm and friendly Edric was so helpful! We weren't aware the entire hotel was under retrofitting construction. Fort Mason Cultural Center takes only ten minutes on foot. We had to switch to another facility next day as room smell was so stale and bad that if we unpacked all the clothes  would get that smell. From the start, the front desk clerk (on 11/2 around 3:30 PM) was super helpful and knowledgeable and gave us lots of info about our stay. On a positive note, The staff was nice and the breakfast is free. No pool, loud construction noise and the elevator is broken. It is not the kind of place we would ordinarily choose, since it is quite bare bones. I chose this hotel because of the location - which did not disappoint. $35 fee for parking in an open lot, unguarded, is steep. I would definitely stay there again and I would reccomend to friends! A decent walk to Fisherman's Wharf and the Presidio, but good exercise. This is the hotel they would always recommend to their visiting friends. My car was blocked in at the parking lot when I was leaving in the morning and had to locate a lot attendant to move 2 cars to get out. Yes we are a little bit of a spoiled couple from Vancouver, but this place is charging like any other 4 star hotel close to Union square. Nothing like advertised and they were doing construction which of course is never advised ahead of time, only when one checks in. Rooms were refreshed in a timely manner, breakfast service was tasty and had good variety. When I left the next morning at 6am the same rooms were still not occupied. I had quite a bit of heavy luggage with me and there is no elevator (the ground level is parking) so they upgraded me to a spacious suite for the 'inconvenience. Rooms are decorated in a bright colors and come in a variety of sizes. We love it, is clean, close to amenities and the staff is really nice. The location also was perfect - away from the touristy piers, just between Marina and Cow Hollow, walkable to everywhere and some of the best restaurants where locals gather. We love hotel Del sol - excellent location, clean, fun decor, parking, friendly staff, pool and good vibe. I really enjoyed my stay at this smartly renovated motor lodge. Quite frankly, the perk of this hotel is its proximity to the Marina, where options are limited. The smell of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies hits you as soon as you walk into the office. The Drisco is far and way the best but also very expensive. All feature flat screen televisions, luxury bath products, iPod docking stations and air conditioning. The staff is very friendly and they even carried my luggage upstairs for me! This is an unbelievable value tucked away in the beautiful Cow Hollow/Marina District neighborhoods. Love to had breakfast in the patio next to the pool! I requested a queen when I booked, I also searched free parking. It offers a concierge service, onsite parking and an off-site fitness center. We also stayed at the Laurel Inn and the Drisco in this trip. The room was very sparse and outdated given the cost. We parked for free on the street in front of hotel. The room was bright and lovely and more spacious than I thought, but it did have a bit of stale odor as if a pet may have stayed there, so we bought a plug in air freshener to help. A great choice of eateries serving everything from traditional American food to Italian are within walking distance from the hotel. The hotel has been remodeled wonderfully, with the right amount of retro-chic and modern amenities. The location of the classic motel is perfectly situated in the Marina area where we wanted to be. Even though it was under construction, even the workers would say good morning to us. We did not have a car, so either walked or rented bicycles to get everywhere. But the location is great, and the room is comfortable for our purpose. Upon my arrival I got a 2 double bed room and was told they did not have any queen rooms available, parking was also $30. It was a great find and I would go back. Good value for money, convenient to Chestnut Street shopping and restaurants. This hotel was in an excellent location and very clean very cute hotel :-). Location was great for getting to Fisherman’s Wharf easily, as well as the War Memorial Opera House. We would stay again for sure - hopefully when the pool is open! While it is so close to Union street and Chastnut where all the fun is, please don't take your wife here. This was a last minute lucky find on a very busy weekend in The City. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. When we arrived at 11:30, there was no parking nearby, the elevator did not work and construction materials were scattered on the premise. Elevator is also under construction, but the very friendly, ameniable staff offered to carry our luggage up. The breakfast was limited continental with only outdoor seating in the courtyard, but in good weather that is delightful. The host Edric treated us like we were his personal friends that had to come to visit. 4.1 star is on review but it never tells you it's a 2.5 star motel. If you just need a room for a night or two it can be ok, that's why I had to complain to Expedia about advertising this as a Hotel. I enjoyed staying at the hotel, but the experience with Expedia was awful I will NOT use them again. Very friendly and helpful front desk folks and an absolutely perfect location. It has pool that Is rarely getting cleaned and the breakfast is actually a few doughnuts/muffins. We stayed at this hotel for one night as we explored San Fran for the first time. My partner and I had to sleep in separate beds because they lied and could not accomadate my request. It was also raining while we were there and the carpet in the room absorbed the water from the hallway, so a good portion of our room was damp. As I walked through the hotel I noticed at least 5 queen bed rooms not occupied?! I'm so glad we stayed here in this very funky, colorful place! It looks like part of the hotel is still under renovation, and the bathroom was a bit small. Hotel Del Sol Joie de Vivre is a boutique hotel situated within a former motor lodge. Loved San Francisco and hotel in good spot but room facilities are little tired. It's as quaint as the pictures and the staff was marvelous. the check in and check out were very easy and the free breakfast and coffee and tea available all day was great. If you like to run, it's really close to the path along the bay. It was obviously a renovated hotel, but very well done, clean and bright with a helpful, happy staff. We had to carry our luggage up three flights of stairs. The Laurel Inn was a hundred dollars more expensive and much nicer with a lovely bathroom and bigger room. Expedia did not inform us of this before they took our money. Hotel Del Sol Joie de Vivre is pet friendly and features a children’s entertainment program. Union Street shopping area takes 15 minutes to walk to and the Palace of Fine Arts Theatre is just a five-minute drive away. We enjoyed being close to restaurants, bars, and the water. The daily fresh cookies, breakfast and pastries with juice and coffee were quite welcome, the staff always had helpful suggestions and the rooms were clean and adorable. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat, the next time I'm in San Francisco. It's perfect for a visit, with access to lots of restaurants and shopping. The hotel was recommended to me by two different friends who both used to live in San Francisco. The hotel also has a heated outdoor pool (rare in San Francisco). The beds were not that bad but the sheets are scratchy and the pillows hard. It is surrounded by palm trees and features a saltwater pool.
We ordered pasta, it was so over cooked half of the bowl was rock hard. We stayed in a suite which had all of the modern conveniences! The housekeeping and reception staffs were aware of the problems and trying to help us as much as possible...however, the manager wasn't there to deal with the issues and we had not received any official apology from the hotel management. The staff is really professional and few are very friendly. We stayed in a classic room which, as expected based of the square footage noted on the website, was small. The hotel is in a quiet area close to metro and rue de cler. Walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and countless cafe's and restaurants. Eventually we requested an additional comforter, folded it multiple times (along with our existing comforter), and slept on top of eight layers of additional softness... which did I help. Beautiful hotel, exceptional staff, located within walking distance to most attractions and a short cab/Uber ride to the rest. But, then again, a noisy ice machine would have ruined the tranquility of the hotel. Le Cinq was in a perfect spot for our first Paris trip. The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly and the room was one of the best that we have stayed in across all of our travels. They did not put us into another room and it seems that the hotel management was trying to ignore the issues by pretending it was not a big deal...We are very disappointed since it is a five star hotel and we did pay quite a lot to the upgraded room. They gave us another order and one third of pasta was hard ( and did not return silverware). Very good located in the 7th Avenue in a quiet street. My wife and I stayed here for several nights as part of an anniversary trip to Paris. However, the concierge booked our taxi which was on time and waiting when needed. I will stay at this hotel every time that I visit Paris in the future. There are cafes/restaurants and some shops in the vicinity but the area was not as busy as say the 1st arrondisement where many tourist attractions are located. There was no ice bucket in the room and we saw no ice machine with which to fill it anyway. Room sizes in Paris are relatively small so don't expect large. We had a fabulous time at the Cinq Codet hotel. There was wine, water, and coffees in the room as well as a minibar. The worst part was the bed, which was very firm, and gave us several nights of bad sleep. Great location, as you can easily walk from here to the Eiffel Tower or across the Seine to the Champs Elysees or Place de la Concorde. The coffee was complimentary but we weren't sure about the rest so left it alone. The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood (at least to this citygirl!). Of course, the rooms could be bigger, but that's the case everywhere in Paris. The bed was really comfortable, awesome rainfall shower and the lighting was also wonderful for setting different moods. Being a person who is wary of hotel beds no matter how many stars a hotel has, I really appreciated the all white bedding. Note:  There were not too many taxis in the immediate vicinity of the hotel so you'll need to book one if you plan to take a taxi to the airport. Pros  - Great location - Friendly staff - Nice modern feel  Cons  - fit and finish is off - I had to repair my own showerhead as it was incorrectly installed. Than you to Kevin and his Team for making my birthday extra special (bottle of wine was superb) There are several very good restaurants close to the hotel, which makes dinner an amazing experience. If you want to be in the heart of everything I don't recommend this location. The food was great, drinks were terrible, and service was even worse. 5min walk to the Eiffel  tower and the area around the hotel is beautiful. The staff is very attentive / they speak English, gave us directions, helped us with dinner reservations - you ask and they assist. The only reason I cannot give five stars in every area is because the room service food was not good at all. Staff assistance excellent, suggesting resterants, cafes, hair salon, maps to city, sold us tickets to D'Orsay so no standing in line, found us taxi, a personal tour guide at a reasonable rate....I could go on. Would walk away in the middle of asking a question and was not interested in answering questions about the menu or a problem we had with our drink. The room was made for one person with a carry on. Shopping and restaurants and a comer store all waking distance. In short, this is a classy high end hotel (at a price). Le Cinq Codet features a 24-hour front desk and lobby, a private gym, open-air spa, hammam and massage services, interior courtyard and patio and complimentary bike hire. The rooms are on the smaller side, but if that is not a concern, this hotel is beautiful. We enjoy it our visit to Paris and the hotel accommodation help us a lot! Myself and my new wife went to Paris for a short break and we could not have stayed in a nicer more friendly hotel. The hotel is a fifteen minute walk to Eiffel Tower, Rodin Museum and the Musee d’Orsay. We came to Paris for Our  late  honeymoon... this hotel made Our stay much more pleasant,  the locations,  the service, the professionality and knowledge of the staff.....it was just great. However, the room was rather small, making it difficult to even find a place to put our bags. The hotel is in a good location, close to the major sites in Paris with some convenient shops nearby. Then the tv didn’t work and they had to reset it. 2min walk to nearest Metro station also which is very easy to get around and understand. If it wasn't for the bed situation, we would stay there again, as the price was very reasonable, but it's just not worth it. One representative in particular, think his last name is Mohammed, he was a real pleasure and very informative. It's perfectly clean, the restaurant is good, and it's very small and quiet. Sorry I had to say this but we were very disappointed, especially after returning late from a day trip to Amsterdam, and being very hungry. It's not as big as a Ritz Carlton, but just as nice, and definitely quieter. Hotel well situated but missing more facilities not enough space room little bit small Staying at Le Cinq Codet was a big part of why of Paris trip was so great. Le Cinq Codet Paris is an elegant boutique hotel occupying a 1930’s-era building in the 7th district of Paris. But overall, it was a very excellent place to stay. Staff was very helpful and everything was taken care of. We had ants invasion to our superior suite during our stay. If you are planning to me more than one person with multiple pieces of luggage, I would strongly recommend upgrading rooms or searching for another hotel. - service incnsistant - we were offered a bottle of champagne for our stay as a thank you but when we called for it nothing was mentioned on file for it. Really enjoyed our break there and staff were so helpful. Go out of their way to guide you and assist you in making your trip hassle-free. However, most of the staff did not understand English too well. Luckily the guy who fixed our TV understood us and was great. Guests of the hotel can enjoy a continental buffet breakfast as well as pancakes and scrambled eggs on demand. All feature en-suite bathrooms, air-conditioning, flat screen TV’s, Nespresso Machines, minibars, iPod docks, Mac mini-computer and free Wi-Fi. Overall I highly rate this hotel and Paris as a whole. The only thing I would suggest is being able to open a window wider than 3”. We were greeted by a welcoming staff and given a tour of the hotel at check-in. Some upgraded rooms feature two-story plans, free-standing tubs, separate living spaces and private terraces. We couldn’t get the WiFi to work, and that was a whole ordeal. Ideal for couples who want to get out and about around the city. A 10 min walk to the Eiffel Tower but has many good restaurants right around the corner - Rue Clar - left out the door. One evening upon our return to the room there was a knock on our door and the staff member kindly informed us that the water was complimentary as well. The rooms are kind of small but that's typical European room in size. You expect these things when traveling in another country, but hope to receive better service when staying at a “5 star hotel.” We were happy we only stayed here one night for the price. For us, the comfort level was reduced by the tiny rooms and the bulky furnishings. The standard room was very clean and quiet and the proximity to transit and the Eiffel Tower made it convienent to access. While traveling for the week of New Years, we stayed here and at two 5 star Hilton properties - one in London and one in Dublin. The hotel is small with modern decor and has a restaurant and small bar on site. We booked a duplex room and could not have had more comfort, The beds are amazing. Very modern and clean hotel and a very good breakfast. The room we were in (2 level loft) was amazing. Our room wasn't large, but is stylishly decorated, clean with a very comfy bed. It was super hot on our visit so we took racialist everywhere. This was a much nicer hotel than either of the Hilton properties. A lounge bar also offers a variety of light snacks and bistro dishes. This has to be our only hotel in Paris from now on! We were exhausted and we just wanted to get into our room.
It is connected to the Florida Mall and only 5 miles from Universal Studios and the Orlando Airport. We primarily chose this hotel for the convenience of it being in the same mall as the Crayola Experience. Everything was clean, perfect, and The best part is that there is a mall behind the hotel. highly RECOMMEND hotel especially location and connection to the mall No real complaints, but amenities are run of the mill, with a huge lobby and no breakfast included. The pool is a decent size but the main plus is the mall attached to the hotel. We're a couple with no children though, so we're not fans of places where wild kids are allowed to run wild by clueless parents. Housekeeping was outside our door at 10pm making a lot of noise, including vacuuming. My children and I stayed in this hotel after spending a day at the Crayola Experience. The Florida Hotel is located next to the Florida Mall and was conveniently located for a shopping trip. always like staying close to the parks when in Orlando,  but this hotel change my mind..  clean, location, nicest,  made my trip a great experience The hotel was very well maintained and the staff was helpful   The location was perfect and there was free self-parking of your car. The staff was amazing, the room was beautiful was a great view from the 10th floor....I just can't say enough! The Florida Hotel is Fine, but not a luxury hotel. All 511 rooms have a refrigerator, 42 inch TV and are tastefully decorated. I truly enjoyed every minute of our stay and will come back again It features a pool, whirlpool, a top notch fitness center, a business center with 16 apple computers, printers and copiers, a restaurant, a bar, Starbucks and 50,000 sqft of meeting space. First room was right next to the elevator and extremely loud. From the moment I checked in until I checked out, it was a perfect stay! That was difficult since we purposely underpacked and planned to do a couple loads to wash our clothes. While it had a direct connection to the mall which was convenient, the hotel is older than what it is portrayed as in the photos online. King bed with barely enough room to fit through to the bathroom between the bed and the TV stand. We had a nice stay at this hotel while attending a concert at the Camping World Stadium. Great transportation option from Kosmos to show .A fun time..Would recommend. very nice and modern room, spacious, restaurant on the first floor - very convenient for early breakfast or late dinner, great interior design. Clean room , but my family can’t not sleep with holtel pillow , pillow is hard , push up my head is high, and have headaches This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in and I've traveled all over the world. Not only it’s accessible to the Florida Mall but the friendliness of the staff and their attention to detail is worth coming back every time. It’s so convenient to the mall and walking distance to restaurants. The Hotel is very clean and nice Near the mall , plenty free parking Great hotel, friendly staff, received a $10 coupon to Starbucks at check-in. Asked to be moved to another room and was moved right away. Attached to the Florida Mall which my kids loved and has a great pool that is big, clean and deep! The hotel itself was large and conveniently located from the airport. I used to live in Orlando so I never needed to stay here. No problems at all here for our family of five. It was a quick drive to the Amway Center/Geico lot where we were able to park and take the free Shuttle to the concert. Would not stay here again, found the rooms to be dated against others I've stayed at. We were attending a conference there so it was very convenient to be able to stay right on site. This is a hotel, and shouldn’t qualify as a resort to charge the fee. Fabulous location - Hotel is in Florida mall and close to attractions and parks. Interesting and convenient location connected to the (massive) Florida Mall. A great way to wrap up our vacation, not far from the airport. Attached to the mall was convenient when there were storms and didn't want to drag the family out shopping. We will stay here again since it was low key and had a decent clientele. Bottom line, the address provided and entered into any GPS does not bring you to the hotel - and try finding a hotel at 1 am when it is raining outside! It was great experience i would do it again the place was awesome seen plenty Great place inside mall if you have kids is a real good place to be at well worth it and prices are always reasonable Didn’t know that this hotel was part of the Florida mall, super friendly staff, rooms very clean bed a little to firm for my taste but over all great experience. In my opinion the hotel was overpriced for what was offered. I've since moved to South Florida and and needed a hotel so I picked this one. Apart from that the room felt clean and was reasonably priced. The room was spotless and the bed was really comfy. I felt deceived,n having read the word luxury in the description. This hotel was the perfect priced hotel.. if your looking for an affordable hotel this is the place. There is a mall attached to the hotel so you don't even have to leave once you are checked in. The Florida Hotel is the top 4 rated hotel in Orlando out of 330 hotels. Otherwise, hotel staff were great and rooms were very comfortable. The only issues is that the room     is a bit dated and in need of upgrading. they will charge you extra 25 for what they call a resort fees, not sure why but it is just a scam It's also joined with the Florida mall which is very convenient. The hotel room was very clean and the staff was very friendly. even calling the # brought me to some central location and the person on the other end of the line did not know how to help me with the civic address, however, did did eventually guide me in. The Florida Mall being connected to the hotel is a huge plus. Love the fact that I could walk wherever I wanted to. Very disappointment with the service charge for swimming pool and gym charge which was never used and end up paying $81  un believable never again This was such an wonderful place to stay,  but the staff was some of the nicest people you could ever encounter. Great location because it's within the mall  Though the mall can be a bit low class/touristy at times, thankfully this wasn't reflected in the hotel. The location makes it very difficult to find when you are from out of town. This is the second time I stay at the Florida Hotel and always enjoy it when I stay. The hotel was a bit more classy/elegant than we expected--which was a good thing. Upon departure, I was charged an additional $20+ as a resort fee, but there were no real resort amenities included in the price other than a pool. We of course had to pay the $25 Resort fee. Although  the hotel was clean and well-maintained, I certainly would not consider it a resort and we will be unlikely to stay here again due to the price. We loved the location the pool was nice staff very very friendly and helpful  but our sheets wore not very clean and the room was outdated The gave us a discount coupon to be used at a Starbucks located close to the lobby.
Loews Hotel 1000, Seattle features an on-site full-service restaurant full-service spa and a golf simulator. They  held our bags before and after checkout time since our flight times didn't line-up with check-in and checkout times. Yes we should of checked the alarm clock was off but considering this is a high end hotel we shouldn’t have too, the staff should of reset the alarm when room was being prepared for the next person’s stay. For the price, I won't stay again due to the golf and spa issues. Question the security of the place at night, told the manager about our experience. The view from our room was horrible, but it was clean, spacious and comfortable. Everything was great and have already recommended to a friend. We stayed 5 nights and were never moved into a room with a view. Free umbrellas to borrow when you went out (nice, as it rained every day we were there, and I forgot to pack some). Definitely not a Loews level hotel, and not worth the $300 a night. My first time to Seattle via the Washington State ferry and this hotel was close, nice and reasonable priced. My wife and I arrived early morning to a recently renovated Hotel 1000. Club chair and ottoman are a good place to recover from the  steep incline of some streets. I was pleased to find out the reviews dealing with staff were all true. Room was great, the only thing that was a bummer is the hotel bar/ restaurant closed at 11 on a Saturday...... I want to let the Hotel 1000 staff know how grateful we were during our stay. Every time we came back after house keeping was there the box of tissues was completely soaked in water. Glass walls in bathroom were dirty, spots on carpet, and room had faint smell of vomit from a previous guest. It was a great night away from the kids and my wife and I thought it was a fantastic room and hotel. They were great and moved us to a king room anyway. Received a complimentary upgrade, service was wonderful and very accommodating, breathtaking views of Seattle. And I will be using this hotel and the future. That early check in allowed us to catch up on much needed sleep, which in turn allowed us to take in a full day and night of downtown Seattle. The spa also closes around 6 or even earlier depending on their schedules, and we missed out on this due to that as well. The hotel and staff were exceptional - going above and beyond to help me when I left my luggage at the hotel. Clean hotel, polite staff, and comfortable room but unfortunately the traffic and street noise outside our window was unbearable. The tv had basic cable only, no free bottled water, room coffee was basic, no mini fridge. I would have missed my flight if they hadn't helped out. which was nice but the waterfall shower wasn't good and I wanted to relax in a tub after my run which irritated me, I was looking for a nice relaxing weekend We paid for a suite with spectacular views, and tubs in the bathrooms, etc. Nice hotel in a great location, within walking distance to all of the tourist spots! It's in a great location for visiting the attractions in the city. While everyone is perfectly nice and good at apologizing, this place is a bit of a mess in my opinion. When we asked about it they said when booking with a third party it's not always guaranteed to be what you booked. I also celebrated my birthday during our stay and when we got back to our room there was a cake and bath salt waiting for me to enjoy. We were greeted with sparkling wine and complimentary upgrade to a deluxe king suite with a water view. Just about all the popular tourist things to do are within walking distance. We didn't manage to get a jacuzzi room but the soaker tub was so amazing I don't have any regrets. I loved the room (was upgraded at check-in), although it’s a bit odd to a have such a big bathroom window facing other buildings. Located at the intersection of 1000 First Avenue and Madison Street, Loews Hotel 1000, Seattle is ideally located just steps from the waterfront along Elliott Bay and is one of the most conveniently centered hotels near Pike Place Market, Seattle Art Museum, the business district, and historic Pioneer Square. They were extremely apologetic but for the money I spent I would expect a lot better standards. I'll be very loyal to this hotel - fantastic customer service! Not worth the exhorbitant prices—For the money, Four Seasons is a better choice. As soon as I walked in I got offered champagne and was helped asap! Just had a bad experience on the phone when trying to contact the spa and reservations ( sounded like they are not as willing to help or in a rush to get rid of you) that’s why I didn’t give them a 5. But our 1 week stay was awesome the location of the hotel is convenient, our room was always clean when we get back. Hotel mini-bar has very sensitive censors and charged us incorrectly for about 10 sodas. The room (which was almost $600 a night) felt like we were staying in a small converted apartment. Also, the room was not as clean as it should be for being so new. Asked to be moved and we’re told the hotel was fully booked. The bathroom had nice lighting and the deep tub was great. We asked for a refrigerator and also a fan (made requests at different times). We had some issues with check in, and it seemed like they were training a lot of new staff at the time, but other than that it was a great experience. Closet space was plentiful and the many USB charging ports came in handy. After driving 3 hours we checked in, went to the room for a nap before exploring and when we got there it was a room with 2 queen beds instead of the king we specifically booked online. At check-in, the staff corrected my two queens to one king and upgraded me to a great suite with a wonderful view. Great bed, clean bathroom with a nice, deep, soaker tub. I like to stay in a place that's nicer than my own home if I have to stay in a hotel--this place fit the bill. We asked for extra pillows and blankets and did not receive them. The rooms are beautiful and I don’t have one complaint about this beautiful spot. The location is perfect and the staff is top notch. We paid the extra money to get a bigger room as we wanted a place to hang out during the day or evening to take a break but in the end we only stayed in the room to sleep and/or get ready to go out again as it felt sort of depressing to be in the room. Everything was excellent; friendly and haelpful staff greeting us with wine champagne, excellent location and fantastic C room. The front desk staff were very friendly and accommodating too. Voted Travel and Leisure top 500 Hotels in the World Seattle's Best Business Hotel. My husband and I found the bed to be hard. I usually don't write reviews but this has been by far the best hotel I've ever stayed at!! The parking fee was high ($55/night), but the attendants were efficient. However, the virtual golf opens late and closes early - and therefore is useless-we really wanted to do this too - two days in a row it was closed. We got a dark room (on the top floor) with a small window with a view of a boiler. Two negative things to note; 1) Alarm clock in room still had the previous person’s alarm set, which went off at a very early hour. 2) Our room was located near the flag poles on front of the building, which made a large banging noise throughout the night due to the wind waking us up throughout the night. the reason I stayed here was for the tub, I ended up getting no room with a tub since they had none when I checked in, so they gave me some meal comp money. We were just a short way from Pike's Place Market. We knew we couldn't check in until later in the day, but they allowed us to check into our room early.....and it was an upgraded room! The room was one of the quietest, darkest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in - not a lot of LED lights to brighten the room at night. Check out was quick and easy, with no extra fees, no surprises. Very nice hotel that was located perfectly to walk to all the major attractions. Quick and easy ride in from Sea-Tac on the Link as well. Despite the broken privacy curtain, broken door handle, and hard bed—we had a nice say. For a 4.5 star hotel, room felt a bit small, view wasn’t so great, and amenities were lacking. We were upgraded to a Deluxe King City View and it was awesome! Excellent hotel and staff from the check in, valet to the room. The main room was small, dark, and the bathroom was not as advertised. The staff went out of their way and above and beyond to provide my husband and I with a to go goodie bag since we needed to check out prior to breakfast. I was quite disappointed in such a nice place having such awful hours for their fun activities. There was a big curtain between the bedroom and the living space and it just felt very unwelcoming. (Oh, and when you pay $300 a night, you expect not to run out of hot water 5 minutes into your shower). Overall it’s an amazing hotel and love that I can text the concierge. Great modern hotel, close proximity to plenty of great downtown Seattle areas. Called 2x in advance to make sure we had a room with a view. The hotel itself was great, we just had a bump in the booking. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great downtown hotel. Mind you my husband told them that I love coffee when he asked the conceirge for a good dessert place to try around the area so the cake they gave me was a great surprise and the best espresso flavored cake I’ve had. I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel - next time I’m in Seattle I’ll stay here again. The rooms at Loews Hotel 1000, Seattle feature plush linens, large windows, 42 inch flat screen TVs, and a Keurig coffee and tea maker. I have never heard of a spa within a hotel closing early. Loud music, sirens, and cars were frequent until after 2 am. Perfectly located between Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square and the Westlake Center (rail access to the Space Needle). This is nice hotel that is close to many Seattle attractions. The hotel is located in a nice area downtown and it's really close to major attractions. There’s a tub in the bathroom that can be open to the room, wasted on us because I was there with my sister. Valet is a must considering the parking situation in the city. The hotel is clean and the staff are nice but we still would not stay here again. The pictures in the site do not reflect the hotel. This hotel is in the perfect location to see much of what downtown Seattle has to offer. We used late night room service and were presently surprised how fast our food had arrived.
The hotel itself has a lovely 'old feel' ambience and the staff are most welcoming. The area is a bit noisy though, but wonderful location near the Old Towne Square. Little hard to find, but walking distance to most attractions. excellent location , good room and clean one , i recommend When I checked out I was informed I could pay with my card only in Korunas, which sounded fine to me according to all the advice I'd read about which currency to use. Everything in this tasteful hotel is of excellent quality; friendly staff, warm spacious room, comfortable bed, excellent buffet breakfast spread in the vaulted dining room (apart from the coffee, but we learnt that Prague is generally not a place for coffee lovers!). Had I known I would have taken cash euros to pay, saving £20. it's location is less than a minute from the old square. The Staff was so accommodating, They sent a car for us last min from the train station, helped us out with tours of the city, provided umbrellas for us to use when it was raining. Love the character of the place and its in the heart of old town. This 14th Century hotel is somewhat faded in style but we found the staff very helpful and efficient and  were pleased with our spacious room which we thought was good value. Overall a memorable holiday...but with one complaint which rather spoiled it at the end. However, the bill was converted from 320 euros to 8320 Korunas, which was 540 Korunas more than the currency exchange rate of the day, in effect a 6.5% surcharge! However the hotel is next to a bar, therefore some noise at night. Quaint little hotel a few steps from the Old Town Square. The hotel is ideally suited to visit most main attractions with a short walk. Plenty to see and do within walking distance but also a surprisingly peaceful location. The hotel quoted the room price in euros - 80 euros a night, 4 nights total 320 euros. Those further away are still accessible by a longer walk which we recommend in Prague to get the feel of this lively city or by bus/tram. Location is very convenient and Service  was very nice. quaint hotel/inn...ideal location...building dates back to the 1300's...excellent service...lovely restaurant...charming decor...would definitely go back But on the top floor there is no elevator, you have to use stair. Hotel Cerny slon is a small hotel in the middle of historical part of Prague, only 50 metres from the Old Town Square. We used the hotel airport pick up service too which was also very efficient. Really good hotel, very central - easy to get to the main sights. Excellent hotel 2 minute walk to Old Town Square - very warm rooms! Lighting in the room could be brighter, but overall a good place to stay. our room was located in the loft area among all the structural wooden beams which gave it a strange but pleasant quirkiness. It is a protected historic building on the UNESCO heritage list. We stayed over New Year (recommended) and had the most wonderful time Reception was great, at check in and throughout the weekend AC would have been nice, but it was ok. Really loved the location!!! Very close to Old Town Square so ideal for sightseeing on foot but in a quiet cul-de-sac so not to much trouble with noise. We liked the atmosphere and would recommend for those who like character hotels. Hotel is located in the middle of the old town. If you have heavy luggage, do not book the top floor. Fabulous place to stay in the heart of Prague old town, an atmospheric 14th century house close by the Tyn church and the lively Old Town Square. I don't know if this is a common practice of Czech hotels...but be warned!
This was perfect for a short stay but was a little further from the city centre than we would have liked. I can find no fault with this Hotel .Breakfast was good service excellent , room comfortable and clean. Don Paco’s location allows for easy access to the various towns of the Costa del Sol. There is free Wi-Fi throughout, and onsite parking is available for an additional daily fee. Don Paco features an outdoor patio area for guests to relax in. Nice clean hotel just across the road from the bus station staff are very helpful and honest lost my gold chain went back to don paco four days later as I was traveling around Spain and the cleaner was after handing it up and they had it behind the counter There are also a whole range of food and drink options nearby. for someone might be that you have to ask for the complimentary toiletry bits (razor, toothbrush, etc) at reception, rather than them being in the bathroom of the room. We were for 7 days in Malaga at the beginning of May. The rooms have good sizes, excellent beds/linen, good size TV, the bathrooms are big and modern. Just the basics for a good breakfast (not a huuuge selection if you’re a non-egg-eating vegetarian like me though!). It is a short walk from the station so is ideal for a transit however, we would be happy to stay for longer in the future. It features an attractive interior courtyard and provides guests with a buffet style breakfast. Comfortable and well-designed, guests can enjoy breakfast from the comfort of their rooms, which are sufficiently soundproofed so as to keep any external noise to a minimum. Short walk (15 mins) to the town centre and port area so really convenient. Don Paco is based just three kilometres from a stunning golf course, and is close to the Malaga Centro, which offers shopping, museums and a number of tapas restaurants. The location is fantastic with the train and bus station a 5 minute walk, Supersol supermarket around the corner, shopping mall and sight seeing only a short walk away. Although there is no restaurant at the hotel, there is a bar where guests can enjoy a few drinks before heading out. Excellent breakfast and amazing value at €5 but the coffee is dire Breakfast is 5 Euro - good value and in a small room so can be busy. Breakfast has egg, bacon, sausage as well as cold meats, cheeses, bread, fruit, yoghurt, cereals and other bits. Overall, recommend for a stay & a cosy small hotel. This hotel is great if you want to be near bus/train stations. The room we stayed in was modern, clean & comfortable. We only stayed one night and did not have breakfast but the room was clean, very spacious and had good facilities. A clean and comfortable hotel ideally situated close to Maria Zambrano railway station. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and our early morning call was spot on time!
The hotel is 3 stars and these are well-deserved but don’t expect more than that. The elegantly decorated rooms are soundproofed and feature a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, free Wi-Fi, minibar, in-room safe and hair dryer. I loved this hotel  it had big bathroom  room was very well decorated, good noise control .Best part was the friendly day time staff Zac was awsesome always smiling and kind.So close to the metro and walk8ng distance to great shops ,Arc de triumph and Eiffel Tower. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a meeting room, concierge services, laundry facility and a 24-hour front desk. Located in the heart of Paris with just a mile away from Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe, Hôtel Chambellan Morgane is a modern hotel set in an elegant building with its original mid-1800s façade. Guests may relax with a drink at the hotel’s bar/lounge or may go for a trip around the city. Palais de Chaillot, Grand Palais and Parc Monceau are located within one mile. Avenue des Champs-Élysées and the George V metro station are within a five minute walk from the hotel. Breakfast good value except on Sunday morning when they ran out of bread and had to be asked to get more (receptionist went out to local shop).
If you are looking for the sea, but at the same time you would like a central position for your holidays in Jesolo - to be able to reach easily the Capannina beach and Piazza Mazzini – then our 3 star Hotel Danubio is the place for you. Other than its enviable position, the hotel offers a young atmosphere, a friendly and welcoming staff, comfortable rooms with b&b service and the possibility to have breakfast even until late. The hotel is clean, room was fine, A/C and wifi worked. Good location, get beach setup with your own 'plot' every day. The hotel's restaurant serves great food and guests get 10% off the bill if they use it. Added to the list of services are, the restaurant with pizzeria and free wi-fi inside the hotel: all that you need to give vent to your wish to enjoy yourself and relax, you find this at Jesolo b&b Hotel Danubio. The Hotel Danubio is a 3 star hotel in Jesolo with b&b service, convenient to the centre of the Lido and its mundane life: the hotel you were looking for for your young and dynamic holidays! What is better than a central b&b hotel in Jesolo, perfectly lodged among the streets of entertainment on one side and the beach that never sleeps, on the other? The hotel is old fashioned, need of some investment  to approve the decor etc but is perfectly adequate.
I popped out to the local shop and got coffee and pastries for 2 for €12 total. Everything is very petit, even the lift which only fits 2 regular adults with 2 carry-on luggages. Also, be aware- your do not disturb sign does not keep them out. The 3-star Hotel Best Western Le Jardin De Cluny is located on a quiet street of the Latin Quarter of Paris, between Notre-Dame and Sorbonne University. A lovely and welcoming hotel with outstanding front desk staff - room was clean, comfortable and modern. Great 2 day stay, so much to do - such little time. For your comfort, the hotel chose to be 100% non-smoking and eco-friendly certified since 2008, for higher standards of both services and environmental quality. I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend to other travellers.The hotel was also environmentally friendly, so taking care of our world...excellent ! The staff on reception were excellent and were really helpful in providing bus and metro routes to get around. I would definitely book here again on my next stay. We had a junior suite - room 602 - which gave us a bit of extra room plus it’s in the eaves so you can look out across the roofs. They all can speak English, and several staff members speak German, Spanish, Portuguese, Arabic and Italian. Disappointed d that we could not get air conditioning operating effectively and we did not receive our deposit for the electricity adapter Thankfully I still had my cash and passport, so all in all it was only a minor setback. Hotel is in a convenient location but the rooms are extremely small and for some reason the toilet is in a separate section of the room, not on the bathroom. I don’t normally place reviews but I would recommend this hotel without reservation. This perfect location offers the easiest access to major monuments of Paris. This hotel is convenient to Notre Dame, the Cluny Museum, Ile Saint-Louis and much more. They maid still went into our room while we were gone to make our bed... this was an issue. We have been to this hotel a number of times and always had a good experience. The  jr suite had lots of room for 3 adults with the pullout couch in its own area. Had a great long weekend in Paris despite the cold weather. Quaint hotel, a gem and the entire hotel staff off the chart. Hotel ideally located, only 2 mins from Notre Dame and many restaurants. She helped me make the necessary phone calls to cancel my credit cards. We open them during the night and room become cool and fresh which makes one sleep well. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights (part of the 30th Anniversary Gift from our sons). Our trip was to celebrate our silver wedding, the hotel upgraded us at no extra cost which was a fabulous touch and made the trip extra special. My friends and I spent the week in Paris and chose this hotel due to its fairly central location in a pretty decent area. Andrea in particular helped me considerably on the day I'd checked in after having had my wallet stolen on the Metro. Staff at hotel extremely pleasant and helpful..nothing was too much trouble. Our room overlooked the street but it was really quiet at night and not busy at all. If we travel to Paris again we will stay elsewhere. We originally booked for two people which would've been okay but then had a friend join us the last few weeks before our trip and the hotel was already paid for. Staff will be pleased to help you enjoy the charms of Paris, and to make your stay an unforgettable experience. The breakfast had a nice selection and there were a wide variety  of restaurants close by. Got an upgrade to the Jr suite, nice room with a good view of Notre Damme but had some repair issues that they claimed to be taking care of (notified them after departure) However, the rooms were small and so were the halls and elevators. Love the proximity to Note Dame cathedral and other attractions in Paris. The room itself is small by Amereican standards, but was clean and comfortable. I greatly enjoyed my stay in Paris, and at this hotel, and would recommend it to others without hesitation. Great hotel, safe area, clean, excellent service and client attention Room was very clean, staff was very friendly & helpful. The towel warmer in the bathroom is a nice luxury. Location of hotel is close to metro stations, 5 minute walk from Notre Dame They asked the customers to leave the room key at the desk before they go out, which I think it is very safe. If the room was cheaper it would've been worth it. The hotel ( Jardin de Cluny) was superb, it is in a great location very close to the Notre Dame Cathedral  and close to lots of eating out places. It's only a few short blocks from Notre Dame and reasonable walking distance to most everything else. We had the elevator shaft in our room but as we were on the top floor we never bothered by it. the lobby was nice & modern, staff friendly and efficient  Room was small, dated, basic & the bed was very uncomfortable unfortunately. The room has 1 window and so does the bathroom. I knew staying in Europe that we would be in small rooms but our room was surprisingly small. Close to the Metro and RER so it was easy to get to anywhere we wanted to go. It’s only a 5 min walk to Notre Dame and there are lots of bars and restaurants in the area too. Only downside, as is usual with hotels, the breakfast at €17 each is too expensive. We travelled on the RER directly from CDG airport to Luxembourg station, 10 mins walk to the hotel. The location of this hotel was perfect, as it was just a few blocks away from several major streets.
Just a little awkward to get to the restroom from the pool area. Being at home on bedrest for a week took it's toll on me and I was ready to slowly get my legs back. I told the front desk and I didn't smell it again. Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites is nestled within the business district of Atlanta. I feel like the bathroom could have been a little more cleaner.. besides that it was very nice.. This accommodation is located within a mile of Perimeter Mall, under a mile and a half away from the American Intercontinental University, and just over two miles away from Heritage Sandy Springs. Special recognition to Charlie and Lucille, they were Awesome and  showed great hospitality. I was up the next morning at 4;30 am and eagerly waiting for breakfast. I was not awarded my Hilton honors points so unhappy about that. Close to the shopping and restaurants in the Sandy Springs area, and also not too far from Buckhead. He could have told me they were not open and send me away BUT DID NOT. Was he first time going to Atlanta and this hotel was great. One of the only two elevators was broken the whole weekend. It got up to 80 before I turned it off. The screen was missing off the window and the door latch was broken. This was one of the friendliest hotel staffs I have ever encountered...everyone was very pleasant and helpful...I give this place a thumbs up! This hotel was very clean and the king suite was very comfortable. The most annoying thing was the thermostat was broken and the room was heating up uncontrolably even with just the fan on. Also there was a guy at the front desk that said the hotel doesn't offer room service. OH what a different world this would be if there were more young men like Guy. This hotel is also within close proximity of numerous large companies and major Interstates. The rooms are clean and updated but need some basic maintenace. I assumed it was only him, well, no...just PLEASE give a refresher Customer Service training for front desk staff and it will be fine. The only complain I have about our room is when we got back from breakfast our room smelled very very strong of marijuana smoke. The room doors is the only complaint is have, they slam very hard. Each of the spacious, contemporary suites boasts a living room with comfortable seating, kitchenettes with refrigerators and microwaves, and private en-suite bathrooms. from the first phone call to the hotel regarding early checkin Alison was very professional and courteous. The only thing I wish was better are the prices for the food however, there are several restaurants near. My stay at the Hilton was nothing less then great! Location was great, hotel staff were very professional and courteous. Dirty linen, bathroom, leaky tub, dirty microwave and kitchen area. I would recommend this location as it is close to drug store and restaurants. This experience didn't have any positives, except the Grub Hub delivery. The room was very spacious (2 doubles w/ a sofa bed) & the six of us thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Excellent location with local restaurants and shopping within 5 minutes. Elevators shut down on me an my daughters  We had to walk the steps Also, I have a charge on my credit card that I am still trying to figure out. It was a great stay, not to far from downtown and quite. Easy to get to highway and about 20 minutes from downtown with no traffic. Check-in was quick, even though the guy tried to charge me again for a room that I had already paid for online. It was so cold and we were unable to get the heater functioning properly in the Air Bnb and we needed to make a last minute change into a hotel where we could regulate the temperature as it was a cold snap in Atlanta. The rooms were very spacious and we enjoyed being able to spread out and control the heat when it was lower than 20 degrees outside. Overall not too bad and I'd probably stay there again but far from the best place I've stayed. Hotel was perfect everything was very clean, room was a great, in walking distance of restaurants, staff was friendly..... next time I plan a trip it will be at this hotel. OMG...the guy that checked us in was VERY dry to us and even to a couple of young kids that were running coming to exchange a non-working room key for their mom. I wish that they would provide coffee in the lobby in the morning. Reported it to the front desk and the HR manager came to check the room and apologized and made sure we were moved to another suite asap. We were very excited and bounced up to check in desk. Although the staff, at the restaurant, was getting ready to open, a young man went out of his way and gave me coffee. He also made sure that we had comp drinks and some bonus points for the inconvenience. I called the front desk to get a late check out. Breakfast was a bit pricey and wish they had complementary coffee to go. Wi-Fi is also available in the lobby, and guests can protect their belongings in the front-desk safe. The receptionist says yes, you can check out at 1230 pm. My finance and I stayed a night for his birthday and everything was perfect.The Staff was pleasant, room service was great, and most of all the room was like home. The shower was small but overall it was a nice room. Early check in led to breakfast in bed in a great timely manner the whole jacuzzi suite double doors to bedroom and other amenities were wonderful. Very clean remodeled rooms, and the staff was world class. Maintenance came up and said they'd return but never did. The elevators weren’t working that night and the next day but we were able to use the service elevators during checkout. It was very busy at checkout but one of the staff members was very nice and accommodating They didn’t tell us breakfast wasn’t complimentary so we had a bill, but overall good experience. It's in a nice neighborhood the area is very updated and I will return with the kids later Stayed here for a one night getaway with my fiancé. My trip was great despite of being accused of smoking in room. Hubby took me on a small staycation to recharge after unexpected hospital stay. The room was nice, large and very clean also very quiet which is a gold star for me. We found this hotel on Expedia and the rates were reasonable. He could have made me feel inadequate BUT DID NOT. It was to the point where we felt as if we were wrong for choosing the Hilton Suites at Perimeter. the staff were professional Mrs. Allison and Mr. Chris have very beautiful personalities and carried a smile on their faces at all times. At 2 am, the hotel sounded more like a dance club so I couldn't get any sleep. The staff is nice room are very clean will recommend anyone to stay there. My first room stank so badly from smoke that I made an immediate exit and had my room reassigned. The next day when i opened my curtains to let some light in, I noticed there were a lot of stains around the bed and frame. My experience was awesome and I totally would recommend this hotel to friends and families visiting Atlanta. Asid3e from the hair dryer not working we were very pleased with our stay. At around 6:15 am I went downstairs desperately looking for coffee. The staff was great, Desire was definitely helpful and made sure we were taken care of. After check in, I arrived in a room that smelled like weed and was filthy. My son and I stayed for 2 nights following a baseball tournament. We checked in on 3/30/18 between 7 and 8 pm. Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites offers the typical hotel amenities, including 24-hour reception, fitness center, and business center. The room made up for the dryness of the front desk clerk. Only real issue is bathroom door handle was broken in the room. Our room was large with a separate seating area and kitchenette. You can tell its and older property that has been updated, porpcorn ceiling and older fixtures. Staff was very welcoming, the bar had great service as well Ones there are rather fluffy looking till your head touches them. The halways are strangely dark; enough that you notice it. The front desk staff was nice but not really helpful. Additionally, we had an issue with some a party down the hall which the staff was quick to resolve. He had coffee, I needed coffee and he made it happen. Being legally handicap it was a painful wait on my feet. There are no on-site dining opportunities at the hotel, though guests can enjoy a breakfast downstairs at the hotel. This will be my last time staying at this hotel.
I’d stay here again but please advise they get booked up pretty quickly. Each room is equipped with a minibar, a safe, and a satellite television. I was alone and my family were staying at a 5 star hotel about 10 mins away (I could not get a room). What I see as a problem is only it is sometimes difficult to find out. The El Corte Inglés Shopping Centre is just 200 metres from the residence. From the outside, I didn't expect it to be so nice. 24 hour staff was really helpful in suggesting places to go and finding me good vegetarian restaurants. Friendly reception staff and most helpful gentleman and lady on duty 24 hours. The check-in process was smooth and the room was spacious and comfy. The front desk is open for 24 hours each day. Dining options outside the hotel include The Great American Disaster, Varanda Restaurant, Restaurante Marisqueira De Santa, Clara Jardim Restaurante, and Buffet Lisboa. They are stylishly adorned using magnificent paintings, trendy furniture, and warm-coloured linens. Balcony door had to be left open and I was eaten alive by very aggressive mosquitoes. The staff is pleasant and helpful, speaks English very well, and the rooms are small but clean and neat. It is on the third floor of a building, and somewhat smallish. From Vila Nova Guesthouse, the Rossio Square is a five-minute drive away. It offers tour & ticket assistance, laundry service, and luggage storage. Was a little noisey but it was a large unit in a small room and did the job. The extra security measures gave the impression of an unsafe neighbourhood. Situated at the centre of Lisbon, the vibrant Vila Nova Guesthouse is only a three-minute walk to the historic Marquês de Pombal Square. All of the 22 rooms have bright and airy atmospheres. This guesthouse is very convenient for sightseeing, shopping, breakfast, lunch, dinner and everything. I was able to walk around the city and explore without having to take a taxi. very good location just a few steps from the metro. You can walk to the city center in  under 10 minutes. The room is very spacious and I enjoyed the location of this guesthouse. Some rooms a bit small but still ok. Staff ok. There is a convenience / grocery store and a bakery very close to the  hotel. There is no breakfast but don’t fret options are near and there’s always uber eats. The hotel was surprisingly nice as the exterior wasn’t too inviting. Only complaint is that in our Double bed room the bathroom was tiny, compared to our friend who was in a single room with a huge bathroom. Easy access and good airconditioner as it was quite hot. Great location and walking distance from the centre of Lisbon. No food in the guest house but bakery alongside does splendid meals at good prices. Best part of the room was the shower fixture that offered e different settings. I caught taxis back and forth to be with my family and have no idead about the area. The hotel is close to the large Marquis De Pombal circle and statue, metro and bus station.
A number of restaurants and cafés can be found in the local area, while good public transport links mean visitors have plenty of other dining options. We stayed in a 2 bed apartment (sleeps 5)...the only slightly negative point is that there was 1 toilet and 1 shower...which could be less for a group of 5. Lovely, spacious apartment in quiet area but close enough to the historic centre to walk to everything. Apartments feature one, two or three bedrooms and include TV with international channels, stereo, air conditioning and Wi-Fi. MH Apartments Central Prague offers serviced apartment accommodation in central Prague. Great decor, and is good for family and group of friends. The receptionist would not allow us to use their WC when picking up our luggage and was rude which spoilt the whole experience for us. It was quiet, secure and had a tram stop outside (no 18). I needed a quiet comfortable place to stay before heading to a conference. The location is great - really quiet and away from the hustle and bustle - yet an easy walk in to the centre or a short tram ride from the door. We had 6 nights at MH  apartments and found our apartment to be very well equipped and comfortable. Kitchens are fitted with cooking facilities, coffee-maker, washer/dryer and dishwasher. No room cleaning service unless you stay for more than 7 days. MH Apartments Central Prague is located two blocks away from the Vltava River and near to the Botanical Gardens. Our apartment had a corner bath with jacuzzi jets, which was very popular with my kids, but a proper shower would have been more convenient. The reception staff were polite and efficient, if not overly friendly (at odds with everyone else we met in Prague). Large apartment over looking courtyard,  nice bathroom, room to move, cooking appliances, washer/dryer very comfortable and a few steps from tram stop that goes right into town and further. Would prefer doors separating sleeping areas though if you have younger children this might not be an issue. A 24-hour reception can be found within the property, while a final cleaning service is offered. The apartment was great apart from the tv that was rubbish too much interference. Great location Quiet residential neighbourhood Directly on tram route 18 and close to Karlovo Namesti metro stop Clean and comfortable Courteous Staff A bit compact with tight circulation space between furniture and a clothes rack instead of a wardrobe. It was only a short walk to another major transport hub which included a metro station, shops and several supermarkets. Very clean apartment with sitting area kitchen with all you need close to old city and attractions short tram ride very safe area train station 10 min walk with good grocery store and cafe Supermarkets nearby and was able to walk to Old Town Square, Charles Bridge etc and enjoy Old Prague. Great location, easy access to tram, metro, grocery, restaurants etc. Apartments feature a fully-equipped kitchen alongside bedroom and living room facilities.
Breakfast the next morning was very good with a most delightful wait staff anticipating my every need. The hotel is in great condition, the staff is very friendly, and it couldn't be in a better area. My stay was wonderful from the time I walked through the door. The hotel was under renovation and the rooms we had had not been updated, but they were good and the service was very good I would highly recommend this hotel to my friends and family. I took him for a birthday trip to see the Atlanta game. This is a great place to stay for a Braves game. Second time staying there and each time the staff are pleasant and informative. The water pooled in the tub for 10-15 mins before it would go down the drain. The tub was not draining well when we took showers. No free breakfast but most of the places I looked at nearby either didn't offer it or were significantly more money. The room was spacious and had tea & coffee service. The gentleman I spoke to said there was nothing he could do about it, so for our entire 2 night stay we did not have a fridge. However, this modern hotel is near tourism attractions, making it appropriate for vacationers too. Overall room needed a real cleaning, not just a quick vacuum in between guests. Rooms at the Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NW Wildwood have 37-inch LCD flat-screen TVs, plus complimentary Wi-Fi. Room was awesome, clean,  and once I figured out how to operate the heat cozy. Very well located to conference venue that I attended, as well as several good restaurants. This hotel is close to the interstate, but far enough away not to hear it in your room. Very friendly and accommodating staff both at check in and check out. Furthermore, guests can get active in the outdoor pool or the fitness center. Room service was prompt but they would not bring the trays into the room and we had to struggle to get them in and they did not take the dirty dishes back for the whole day which was gross. I like the Wildwood section of Atlanta for its ease of access to nearby Marietta and highways. Only complaint bed had a very well worn indentation which could not be corrected with soft/firm dial technology Refrigerator didn't cool, iron leaked, pillows were uncomfortably flat and breakfast buffet overly rated for cost, no more than free breakfast at other hotels for $10.95 person. Breakfast is available from the Great American Grill, and guests can order cocktails at the Pavilion Lounge. Every other encounter we had with the front desk was just about as productive as the fridge incident. Hotel was conveniently located, clean, comfortable, modern with lots of extras. The pillows were terrible, they were so uncomfortable we actually went out and bought pillows. Loved it will be staying there when I returning to Atlanta The only and I mean only thing I was displeased about was very poor internet service. I've never not had the staff bring it to us, was not the best customer service. When we arrived we noticed our refrigerator was not working and called down to the front desk. The room definitely needs an update and a good cleaning. I loved this hotel and the staff was great and took care of anything that I needed. Wonderful hotel exceptional staff shuttle to Suntrust Park and Cumberland Mall were great amenities. There were roaches in the elevator area and someones hair in the shower. Situated in the Wildwood Business Park, the Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NW Wildwood is an excellent choice for corporate guests. Nice hotel, nice area, just wish i brought my own pillow We had no problem finding the location and were promptly checked in. The pantry that was available was very pricey, over four dollars  for a bottle of iced tea. Outer hotel appearance and lobby were updated but room was a complete disappointment. It's clean, the staff is cordial, and the beds were comfortable. We also called down to the front desk for more towels, soap and tea but were told we had to come down and get it. The elevator was out and there were dirty, obnoxious people staying at the hotel. Close enough to Atlanta to be useful and we visited Marietta which was close by too. Additionally, the Pavilion Pantry offers options that guests can make and eat in their rooms. The Cobb Galleria Centre, a shopping mall, is 2.6 miles away. We had a wake up service and they were prompt and efficient. You fix that then u have the best hotel in the area. The breakfast was delicious with many options and staff willing to accommodate unusually dietary requirements. The hotel is slightly more than 20 minutes away from Six Flags Over Georgia by car. Had an excellent night's rest here and I'd definitely stay here again. Mostly, we enjoyed our stay at the Hilton, it is centrally located from where we needed to be. A coffee maker, refrigerator and microwave are among the other amenities. The front desk employees have no customer service skills or knowledge of the hotel. This was my first visit her - it won't be my last. the fish & chips, the fish was hard but the chips were good. This was definitely not the Hilton experience we are used to. Really disappointed with this location- as I have not had same experience at other Garden Inns. I have stayed here several times and will stay at the Garden Inn again.
Maybe the room a little small and we had to wait 20 mins before we could check in, even though we'd arrived after check in time. The All Seasons Paris Gare de l'Est Château Landon is a 3 star hotel which is located between Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Outside of that, it was clean, comfortable, and spacious enough for 4 of us. The location was 10 easy steps to the metro and this made it worth it. Staff helpful with the local area, eating out and sightseeing. It was our first time in Paris via Eurostar from London, so we wanted to stay near the train station. The hotel is great for those who wants to stay near and the metro station is just next door. Room was clean, of course small compared to US standards but all you needed. You should be out enjoying Paris not hold up into the room. The location is great - lots of public transport links and eateries! From the hotel you can easily walk to the Pompidou Center, the Halles and, with a few more steps, to the rue de Rivoli. The staff at this hotel have to be some of the most freindly and cutomer servce focused I have ever expercienced. When trying to used the card key to gain entry to my hotel it did not work. My only complaint would be no fridge in the room. Took the elevator back down from the 8th floor, where  I was sent back up with another key. The reception welcomes guests 24 hours a day and the bar is open daily from 11 am to 11 pm. When I asked if they had any other rooms they could switch me to, they said the hotel was fully booked. Its central location allows a quick and easy access to major attractions of the capital. The service was great and the breakfast was excellent all very well priced considering its location etc. Breakfast is included in the price of the room and is prepared by a dietician. I then went back down to the lobby where I waited for 5-10 minutes, before staff said they'd put us in another room of a guest that hadn't checked in yet. Only limitation was the room bathroom which could do with an upgrade in decor. The continental breakfast was fresh and tasty, a great start. It was a good place, perfect location for a holiday in Paris! The only down side to this is that the noise from the all night trains meant the window couldn't be opened. Would definitely advise staying here for a cheap but pleasant stay near to the city centre. For families, the "Family Pack" offers many advantages such as baby equipment, children's menus served in adapted dishes and console games and gifts are provided. Situated above Landon Metro, this budget hotel is great for access to Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est. Alas let down by lack of air con, so had very disturbed nights with the window open listening to every police siren going. The breakfast was traditional French with simply croissants, cheese and juice and left us wanting more. Could have done with an extra pillow though I admit I didn't ask for one. I assume it was a staff member otherwise I'd be concerned that other guests can access more than their own room's door - either way it was disturbing. Being next door to the Métro was very convenient for getting around the city, but there were also places to go nearby on foot (restaurants, stores, etc. Also at some point in the night someone opened our door and came into the room... Breakfast was great and the staff were super friendly & helpful. The hotel was extremely full over the Easter weekend and the staff were genuinely helpful in whatever was required from them. I would recommend this hotel in term sof location, price and most certainly cutomed service. Its 160 rooms, some of which are accessible to disabled people, are all air conditioned and equipped with WiFi internet access and a flat screen TV with satellite. Decorated in a contemporary colourful style, they all have a full bathroom and a private safe. When that didn't work, one of the staff came up to the door and tried to reprogram the key. Upon checking in was informed they only had single beds. Room is clean, breakfast is good but no cooked food.
The cheerful greetings from housekeeping, the smiles from the valet staff, engaging conversations from the servers in the restaurants, and the congenial reception from the front desk clerk all combine for a well staffed team. Thank you all for continually making me feel at home! The spicket for shower in the bathroom was very loose and I felt like it might fall off. Very courteous staff and nice to have 24/7 place in the hotel to get snacks. Great location, room was nice but coffe pot gross where you put the water (white flakes floating around in it when you put water in. Hotel location is excellent for restaurant/bar hopping and sightseeing venues. Need to have the option for a client to be able to check out at the same time as checking in so nobody feels cheated for the amount of days they paid. Paid for a higher floor but only got the 2nd floor. The staff was welcoming and helpful with anything you would need. All the guest rooms have a large desk, mini refrigerator, coffee making facilities, air conditioning, living/sitting area, alarm clock, iron, ironing board, cable/satelite television with in room movies and telephone. Very practical in so many ways, free beach towels (as many as you want), free clothes dryer, pool is open late, fast elevators, easy checkout, staff is always working/cleaning, perfect location for food/beach/essentials, room was in great condition, and a beautiful view (went for oceanfront). Hotel was very clean ,stuff were very helpful, right next to the beach ,you have a lot of choices for food and activities everything was walking distance. The Courtyard Fort Lauderdale Beach is a three star property located in the city of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. You can walk to lots of restaurants and the beach is directly across the street. Quick walk to the beach with a nice bar on the way. Stayed for one night after a cruise out of Miami. That was nice but, around 8pm music started at a nearby bar and it was very loud. Hotel is not far from airport and close to everything. The hotel is in a great location, with a nice pool and nice indoor amenities. The location is great, the staff especially the consierge were extremely helpful. staff very helpful, exit right on beach, pool small but pleasant, lots of towels,refrigerator helpful. Unable to sit by the pool, we had to walk through the construction site in order to get to the beach and it cost us $42 per day to rent an umbrella and chairs. The room was nice, had a separate area with couch and a second tv. The staff were all friendly and they upgraded our room for free The hotel has an heated outdoor swimming pool for guests to enjoy. Friendly staff and a very nice room with an amazing view. My boyfriend and I wanted a nice weekend getaway and joined some friends in Ft. Lauderdale. Steps away from a clean, pretty beach and close to shopping and dining. Only problem was fruit flies or nats I pool tiki area. Needs more options inside the hotel to eat besides the Bistro. Beach is just across the street though the chair rental is $12 & umbrella is $20 from a beach vendor. Hotel staff from check-in, to valet to Bistro staff friendly and helpful. I was unable to use the stairs due to a partial military disability. Also, the elevators were apparently being worked on and we had to wait for every elevator ride, sometimes as long as 10-12 minutes. Front desk is not inviting at all.It does not reflect the posted pictures.pool area is just bad. The pool was closed and no one bothered to make us aware of that beforehand. In addition, the hotel let us stay an extra hour to check out. I think this is something that should definitely be addressed by the hotel as I definitely for this reason would not recommend this hotel for Summer/Fall........ Any time an issue has arisen, they are quick to address and correct it. With that in mind they have bottle water next to the coffee pot for sale for $6.00 to make your coffee. The hotel is just a short drive away from the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. The other two elevators took for ever and were always overcrowded. As soon as I got to my room we noticed it was not properly cleaned so I contacted reception and they changed us right away. Love the cafe with good food for morning, noon, & night as well as small bar. I stayed here about 18 months ago for 5 nights and gave the hotel a decent but not great rating. We enjoy the Courtyard for our stay prior to our spring cruises. The shower by the pool didn't work with caused us to drag sand back into the room (felt bad for the maid). The handle  for hot water to the sink took a lot of muscle to turn it on. The hotel has onsite laundry and there is valet dry cleaning available. It is a great location, with restaurants and stores nearby. The pool area is still drab and the outdoor bar and longue area needs a good rehab. It was overall a very nice one night getaway, 10 miles away from home. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to be near the action, restaurants and on the beach. Our stay there was pleasant and the location is also great if you want to find fun and drinks walking distance at night. The hotel has 2 meeting rooms with a maximum capacity of 70 people. Parking is extra but other than that, we had an amazing vacation. We had a very nice room with corner and view of the ocean. It’s no transportation to this hotel fromFLL Aeroport but Orbits sells it!!! Check in was not great so don’t bother getting there early cause your room will not be ready until after 3:30 regardless if your check in time. I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service or concern illustrated during my visit. Restaurants, bars, shops and the beach are just steps away. In fairness, the hotel was in the middle of a rehab to rooms and public areas at the time. The breakfast area serves very good quality items with quality Starbucks coffee. We chose this hotel because of the ability of checking in at any time and being across from the beach. while the facilities are in great condition, the location and the staff make the experience even better. The hotel has 171 guest room and 90 suites divided over 12 floors. great hotel middle of sea breeze strip green areas plus the beach is great very clean boardwalk really nice running , biking ...great . Rooms are very clean and the beds are unusually comfortable. Had we known in advance, we would have opted for another hotel. Its a fantastic place, we have stayed there twice now and its been amazing both times. The hotel is right near the beach and close to shops, restaurants and bars. He said nothing else, just continued to check his computer. I travel to Fort Lauderdale several times a year and always stay at this location. Last minute travel...took what we could get.....there are many that are better, till, not bad! There is a fitness center at the hotel with cardiovascular equipment and free weights. Room was not ready for me and many when I arrived. Elevators a constant issue, poor food service both food quality and service was poor. Room looked over a parking lot and tops of smaller stores, but to the right was the beach, to the left the marina. We had a good time, our room was clean and comfortable. We checked in early online but it didn’t help a bit. Pool is smallish, not resort-like, but does have a spacious double decker deck and a nice tiki bar pool. Not to mention that the elevators were so dirty, we even reported urine in one of the elevators. The hair dryer looked like it has been used and abused and seemed to work at 50%. everything was in walking distance, the beach, restaurants and bars, even the international swimming hall of fame! There isnt much to do in the hotel, but you really should not stay in the hotel if you are planning to go to fort lauderdale, especially this location. We had a room with a side view so we were able to see the ocean. I don't generally give negative reviews but I felt the need this time. Price fluctuates a lot, so check a couple of times before you go to see if it gets lowered. Excellent location,but should get a makeover.he overall condition of the hotel needs big improvement. Room not ready until an hour and a half past check-in. Water is also a funny color but the have a note saying to ignore the color of the water and it is safe. We were in the 8th floor so I can’t imagine what it was like on a lower level. Room cleaning poor and room not available till post 4pm seemed to be the norm. The first day we returned to the room at 3:30pm and the room had not been cleaned. The staff is so friendly, it feels like I'm visiting family as opposed to business associates. I was there for business nearby but this property is fantastic for vacation. Our room was not ready when we arrive at 4 so the front desk person gave us a free breakfast which was very delicious. We clearly opened the door for at least an apology, NOTHING! The hotel was very busy, yet the staff, from the concierge to the front desk and the folks in the restaurant were unbelievable! Hotel has nothing exciting in it, no bar or nice restaurants as part of the hotel. Enjoyed our stay at the Marriott Courtyard Great location on the beach,  Staff were very accommodating despite Spring Break fever They allowed us to check in VERY early for free which was such a pleasant surprise after a long week of travel with a little one. The one big drawback is that maybe not in Winter/Spring but definitely in Summer/Fall when weather is very hot there are no umbrellas by the loungers on the patio only at the tables.........also there is no shade in the area of the sun loungers which is no suitable for parents with young children, elderly or disabled people who do not want to be near the pool.............there are loungers and umbrellas to be rented on the beach but they charge a very high  $40 (cash only) fee............... VERY NICE LOCATION,  FOOD AT THE BISTRO WAS GOOD, WELL PRICED. The front desk supervisor Zondria was super nice and upgraded us to a better view. The hotel has a Blue Water restaurant which serves breakfast but there is also the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company which serves lunch and dinner. We had a check in for 4:00 and had to wait till almost 5:00 for both of our rooms due to housekeeping being behind. Service should have been mandated specially during a busy weekend. The bed was not very comfy but the room was very clean. They went out of their way to make us feel invited. We complained about the a/c not working properly in our room and we were told that someone would come check it. One of the elevators was down the entire weekend, what an inconvenience. When we checked out, the clerk asked us how our stay was and we replied not too good. The outdoor shower wasn’t really working, but I trust it will be soon based on the rest of the grounds/staff. Hotel doesn't look like much from the outside, but was pleased overall. Everyone was attentive and top notch, five stars across the board! Without fail, one of the best hotels I have stayed in repeatedly. The pool, which was just upgraded, looked like it needed an upgrade; however with the beach so close, we didn't really care.
The tv did not work properly we called the desk to ask for assistance with the issue, the response unplug the cable and plug it back in. Also I went into the kitchen to grab a spoon the whole front of the drawer fell off. Although the tv was a small issue you shouldn't have to work on tv's on vacation. We went out to eat came back the the tv would not work again. TownePlace Suites Savannah Airport is located a little over one mile from the YMCA and Tanger Outlets Savannah, eight miles from the Historic District, 30 minutes from Hunter Army Airfield and less than an hour from Tybee Beach. The hotel is clean and the rooms large and comfortable. The hotel features a gym, laundry facilities, a picnic area, a hot tub and free coffee and newspapers in the lobby. Bed wasn't very comfortable to me and the elevator was super slow. The cable service for the hotel was terrible, no on demand when you want to just stay in and enjoy those little things are important. My wife and I was there for anniversary and just wanted to relax. If you are visiting Savannah, its not too bad of a drive to downtown area, but allow yourself at least 30 minutes travel time by car. All suites include air-conditioning, free high-speed Wi-Fi, cable TV, premium bedding, and a fully-equipped kitchen with a microwave, a refrigerator, a stove, pots, pans and utensils. Guests can enjoy a complimentary breakfast, and some of the restaurants within a mile of the hotel include Sam Snead’s Oak Grill & Tavern, Zaxby’s, Carey Hilliard’s and Chili’s Grill & Bar. There should definitely be a broom and dust pan in the rooms for use when in the kitchen or with a cat who gets litter on the floor. Just about a 5 minute drive to airport, same distance to a new outlet mall and dozens of restaurants. Clean, comfortable & very conveniently located near Savannah / Hilton Head Airport The stay was great compared to the other hotel  I stayed in was sleep  Inn and suites terrible. So this let's me know this was an ongoing issue of the tv. The hotel is easy to get to, well maintained, and in a great location for food and shopping. The hotel allows pets and on-site parking is available at no charge. Never heard any airplane noise, no noise in halls, slept very comfortably all three nights. This is a very nice and clean property conveniently located close to the airport but also near plenty of shopping, dining, and a Walmart for all needs. Hotel staff was nice, though I had no special needs so very little interaction was necessary. Even though its near the airport, I only heard one plane and that was with the window open. Easy in and out if in a hurry to get down the road My stay at the Towneplace was excellent the room was beyond comfortable the staff was great and the location has everything you need or want within 1 mile of the hotel TownePlace Suites Savannah Airport provides guests with Southern hospitality in its spacious rooms.
Got two rooms and only used one since the other one was in such bad conditions   Breakfast, tv signal, WiFi and transportation was a joke- It says it has a free breakfast all it serves is toast and Waffles. Other than that the room was clean and comfortable but no remote for the TV. The room was outdated plus I had the laundry and ice machine running  all night long. Furnitures are so old and outdated with surfaces peeling off; 3. It was a bit chilly during our stay which made it unpleasant. The room they gave me which they said was the only room available smelled of cleaning supplies and bug spray. The help at the desk wasn't willing to try and help me or show any concern. The main check in had a huge broken section and there was trash overflowing all the recepticals. Floors stayed pretty gritty, washcloths omitted for two days, and toilet tissue not replenished. hotel was just what I expected... horrible... but thanks for the stay There is no coffee maker in the room as opposed to the advertisement in their website and the little microwave has no base plate to heat the food on; 5. This hotel has not been updated in 40 years, rust around the bathtubs, room lamps from 1980 and light switches from 1940. My husband is gluten-sensitive and there was nothing he could eat at breakfast. Breakfast area is outdoors by the pool enclosed in a tent with very small area and few tables to accommodate  the guests. You have to fall in a long line just to get some toasts and another line to get some coffee or waffles. We thought we walked into someone else's room by accident. Good points very friendly reception staff and 30 minute walk from universal studios. Bed sheets, blankets and pillows were all wrinkled--seemed as though these weren't cleaned. The hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast, a heated pool, free parking and a complimentary shuttle to Disney World and Universal Studios. This hotel is not recommended due to following reasons: 1. And the breakfast ran out of water, therefore there was no coffee or hot water and the juice machine was giving straight cordial which could make you sick. The bathroom faucet knob fell off upon first use, it wasn't attached in the first place. Also breakfast area was outside on a patio with plastic covering the windows. The floor was stained all over and it was pretty disgusting. Don't waste your time with this place, very shady business. My son said it looks like a long line for some relief goods. The only good thing about this hotel is it’s only 1.5 to 2 mi away from universal studios. Hotel facilities and appliances are too old, from my bed I heard everything (2nd floor an pleople walking out of my room) I had to speak with the staff because I didn’t receive room service (cleaning) bad experience. The entire hotel smelled like weed and we could get strong weed smells coming in from other rooms throughout the stay. Their tub is not draining well during showers and so slippery with no anti skid mat or surface. The Hotel is confortable and close to the parks, restaurants and shopping. This hotel should be ashamed to charge what they do, the only reason they can is the location. I wouldn't go back and I'm sad I wasted money here. It takes 13 minutes to drive to downtown Orlando and 21 minutes to get to the airport. I didn't make the request, it was listed as an amenity. I booked this hotel due to the free late check out and the lady at the desk told me it was a request and not guaranteed and that it couldn't be granted. Security is not good coz you can enter the back door even without your card. Staff was nice but hotel is a little worn down. There shoud be more choices and easier access for guest. The rooms feature premium cable TV, a hair dryer and a safe, and for an additional fee guests can rent a refrigerator, microwave and rollaway bed. Dresser had two pair of someone else's underwear in it upon check-in. It is apparent that the ownership does not care which trickles down to the staff. The the AC quit working at 2 in the morning. Room not cleaned under bed made a disgusting find on last day that had been there for whole 2 weeks spoke to staff who said manager would get back to us but they didn’t, door left open by cleaning staff one day. The hotel does not have a restaurant, but the neighborhood offers plenty of choices within walking distance. Enjoyed being able to access the pool from our sliding glass doors. This hotel does the bare minimum to pass as an actual hotel. Stayed for 4 nights and got two rooms, one room had an ok bathroom the other had mold on door, walls and under the sink. But when we got to our room the telephone was disconnected from the wall and sitting on the bed next to a hanger and there was a water bottle in the trash. And again, the staff working the breakfast was kind and helpful. The lady at the front desk said she can't do anything about it. It needs updating, but was being remodeled while I was there. The room was beat up as some of the metal corner beads were heavily rusted/Corroded/missing to 6 inches from the floor. Hotel double booked my reservation but only told me at check in that I had one room then charged my card twice for the second room. Water level almost about to overflow after your shower; 6. When we spoke to another employee the next morning, she told us we would have the late check out... Did not want to refund for the no show Really bad way to do business, difinity will not stay there again. We just walked to a small resto across the street to have a decent breakfast; 4. The bathtub was too high up probably not up to code and my daughters nearly fell twice while getting in due to it being slippery. Breakfast layout was an unorganized mess with not enough room. It's was a last min choice and seemed like a good spot, but itbwas pretty bad. The toilet was broke and was running all night . She said there was nobody that could help us and if we spoke to the manager she would tell us the same thing. At check in we’ were told only way to get rooms close to one another would be in second floor with no elevator so had to carry luggage up staircase. Room was decent except for lack of hot water on 1st night of stay. I will never go back to this hotel no more even if it’s the cheapest one coz the amount I paid for is not even worth it . The shower didn’t work properly, the doors were scuffed, one of the beds was broken and my daughter found a cockroach. Forgot the room key on one occasions and receptionist was horrible, provided me with a key that was not programmed when returned to front desk she sent employee who was painting to help only to  have him use a spare key he had because original didn’t Work. The room was way overpriced, dirty, unlevel floors, moisture from window caused slick floor, floor uneven, bathroom door veneer in disrepair, rim on sink had black mold, rusty door frame in bathroom, towel bar missing, furniture scratched and outdated, The Floridian Express Orlando is less than two miles from Universal Studios, Pirate’s Cove Dinner Adventures and Titanic the Experience. I have stayed in plenty other cheap rooms in Orlando that were much nicer than this one! There was another guest having similar issues and treated her the same. Loved the hardwood floors and comfy beds, but sink facet was broken and shower didn't have hot water until the end. We chose a hotel partially based on complimentary breakfast but only ate breakfast there one day of our three days because of the way it's set up. The room smells so bad like a mixture of strong chlorox and nasty molds. Some of the staff acted as if you were bothering them, security was witnessed on his cell phone for the entire hour he was observed by me. But that is what I paid for and picked this hotel for! The breakfast is pretty minimal, but what they have is good. Said my reservation was cancelled,  then told me they only had a room for one of my 2 night stay. Had to have room keys reprogrammed several times a day. I’m pretty sure they don’t change the sheets after every check out too. It triggered a bad allergy and headache my entire stay; 2. This is a great choice, if you want to worry about bugs and the general health of the chemical air you’re breathing.Even though I checked in and checked out before the actual check in time, they still charged me for the night and left me scurrying around trying to find another place to lay my head. Granted I showed up 15 minutes before it was supposed to end, but the line for THE single waffle maker was about 12-15 people long. The air conditioning was set at 54° to manage the smell. If you choose to stay here, just know that it is going to be poor quality. I guess this is why their website pictures show close-ups of people talking with staff and few detailed facility pictures. However it is the only hotel my wife has said she wouldn’t return to. The maid service did not even come into the room to freshen or leave clean towels let alone do the other things most motels do when staying several nights in a row. The toilet in the room broke and was reported but never fixed. The room had inoperable bathroom lights (worked when they wanted to). Conveniently located on International Drive, the Floridian Express Orlando (formerly the Floridian Express International Drive) is within walking distance of Wet ‘n Wild and SkyVenture Orlando. The cleanness of the hotel is An Hit An Miss..... Bring your Bleach & Disinfectant spray an your house shoes. The rooms are discusting roachs peeling paint and filthy walls Terrible experience was not expecting a 5 star hotel but also not one that has mold in the bathroom so bad was forced to sleep in other room with all children   Was told could only have room in same floor if took second floor with no staircase
The rooms are in dire need of a facelift...very clean but carpet and linens in poor condition. Just off the intersection of I69 and 610, in the heart of some of the most exclusive shops in the city of Houston. I did think the breakfast buffet was a little pricey, $19 / person, but did not see what was included, you should ask before using. my opinion on this matter probably does not get much consideration, but if you stay more than 2 nights, why not give guest a break on self parking cost Excellent sweets with privacy for sleeping while others watch TV in the living room. Hotel was near conference and was very easy to get in and out. Within walking distance of the Galleria and River Oaks District, and an easy Uber ride to downtown. The suite was very spacious, three rooms, big bathroom and bedroom, separate living area with a wet bar and frig. The hotel is a class act of the days when hotels had personality. Had a very nice stay here....it's within walking distance to PLENTY of restaurants, shopping, etc! This is very busy location so if you are looking for quite this is not the place for you. Beside 610 so was easy to go in to Houston and out from that location. Only one FYI, if you have a vehicle, it will cost you $22 / day to park To have a free shuttle to any place within 3 miles was an added bonus! I think this hotel should be a 3 star and not 4. The Sheraton staff were great and the room was in perfect order. This hotel is easily accessible and has great proximity to the Galleria Mall and many shops and restaurants. If you love shopping, the galleria is across the street. Sage Restaurant serves American cuisine and Wildplum Lounge has a wide range of cocktails and other refreshments. Space Center Houston is 33.5 miles away from Sheraton Suites Houston Near the Galleria. I got in very late in the morning and left very early when I flew out, was very accommodating and friendly. We stayed to celebrate valentines early and it was the perfect location! Paying for parking when you're not downtown is a joke. It's nice to have the extra room with large TV in the sitting room. You can also access the lounge 24 hours to grab a soda or a coffee from the expresso machine. All suites come with an en-suite bathroom with complimentary toiletries, flat-screen TVs, separate living area with a work desk, free Wi-Fi and a refrigerator. Down stairs restaurant is very  spacious, great dinner options and breakfast. Walking distance to all of these and easy access back onto the 610 Loop for travels elsewhere. I was the only person checking in still took 30 minutes This was an excellent place to stay for a weekend in Houston. Good location, room was hot and under blanket was dirty on the inside As a single person, I felt safe in the surrounding area and when visiting further locations like the Museums and Space Center, used their shuttle services locally, then Uber services and the Concierge services. Was excellent accommodations from checkin to check out with staff. Food service can be erratic, but basics are good - burger is always good. Location is terrific and the staff were extremely accommodating and helpful. Room was o.k.. for the price you would think parking was included...NOPE 25 dollars a day on top of your room cost. However, I didn’t get a bill for incidentals in my way out, they said they will email it ASAP on Thursday. This 4-star hotel offers a complimentary shuttle service within three miles and boasts an outdoor pool, as well as a whirlpool. The hotel staff was friendly and gave me a room upgrade to a mini suite, I only wish I had had more time to enjoy. Wonderful stay for 4 days at the Sheraton, so close to your favorite restaurants and shopping, walked to locations. It’s older and not in perfect condition but so am I! Sheraton Suites Houston Near the Galleria is an all-suite hotel in the Uptown sector of Houston, Texas, within ten minutes’ walk of The Galleria mall, Williams Tower and the Gerald D. Hines Waterwall Park. Definitely a very nice and roomy suite for a nice price room is clean and I like its suite layout very much. Today is Saturday and I am still waiting for it -it is my only criticism- My family and I have stayed here many times before and have always had great service and friendly people. The rooms had a real welcome feel..everything was nice and clean.. They helped me finding a Cab went out of there to help me with a Date night with my girlfriend ! You can close off the living area from the bedroom with sliding doors.Really nice pool and workout center. Check out the website for pictures, I know you will be impressed !!!!! This is the 2nd time we stay here and will definitely be back. Food, clothing retailers, the Galleria shopping mall surround this property. nice room,  I know this hotel's parking charge is probably in line with other similar hotels. Please notice you will be cherged $25 a day for selfparking (35 valet) We had to be close to a certain location and for that, the hotel was perfect. Very nice hotel, parking is expensive at $22 per night. When checking in we saw pets walking through the lobby. It was nice that all our wedding activities were close by to the hotel. Great hotel, recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable, quiet hotel. We will certainly stay there again when we return to Houston. We upgraded to a club floor which gave us free breakfast, free wifi and free evening canapés in the club lounge. Paid self-parking and valet parking are available, as well as dry cleaning and concierge services. Excellent location of the hotel, not to far from the city. The smoke-free hotel features a Sheraton Club Lounge, 24-hour front desk, fitness center, computers at reception and events space for up to 300 guests.
It would be very easy to have a fall and break some bones. We loved having a balcony and the proximity to major attractions. Was ok would have liked to have a fridge and kettle, but was very cheap. The location is excellent in terms of proximity to the RER - Port Royal (right in front of the hotel), Luxembourg Gardens (right across the street) and a bank, boulangerie and a handful of restaurants. The hotel Beauvoir is at the Port Royal metro RER station  and close to restaurants, coffee shops and the Luxembourg Graden. The cleaning staff did a very good job of providing clean towels, and other essentials. The carpet needs replacing in our room, as there were some stains on it. Right across the street is the famous restaurant, La Closerie des Lilas, and there are several other cafes and shops within walking distance. With a few updates regarding rooms, I would return to this hotel, as it fitted our needs, and the area was nice and I felt safe walking around either during the day or night. Would not rate more than two stars, unless some improvements are carried out. Breakfast is served each morning, and includes croissants and juices. Bed is ok, we only used it for a place to sleep as we were out all day. From the airport (CDG), this hotel was just 9 stops away. Also i arrived a bit early but they were reluctant to offer the room early if possible even if it was ready. Now for the bad things, the shower is quite small and a person has to be careful not to slip and fall. Beauvoir Hotel is a reasonably priced, nicely presented, modest hotel option on the left bank. The good things about this hotel was that it was right across the street from the Metro Line and bus stops. The room was ok, carpeting could use replacing and new bed spreads too. The staff are pleasant and responsive and the rooms/lobby kept impeccably clean. Lift fitted 2 people in it and 2 bags only...very claustrophobic ! My recommendation would be to take a room with a full/double bed to increase comfort. Guests can enjoy the convenience of a 24-hour reception desk as well as fax and photocopying services. The only thing they have and the only reason why we chose this hotel was its close proximity to the RER B line. Beauvoir is a three star hotel right in the heart of Paris, just moments away from Port Royal RER, Boulevard Saint-Michel and Saint-Germain-des-Prés, and the famous brasseries of Boulevard du Montparnasse. Ok...but i prefer to walk around and have diferent experiences..clean ...carpet could be changed and that could be an upgrade... It's a stone's throw from a main RER station with direct line to airport and easy to get to Disneyland. Small outdated room, tiny shower that has no power but does give hot water. All in all it was pleasant with excellent transport links and value for money. Room was very old and small but toilet was clean A microwave would be nice, if space was available and maybe a small refrigerator too. This rating is for a room for one person only. The breakfast was continental style, but was more than enough to cure the hunger pains each morning. If your stay requires you to be on the left bank a lot then this is an ideal low-cost option. The twin bed room was very small, the bed being a little too small to sleep well. Beauvoir is located near many of Paris's attractions including the Louvre, which is only two kilometres away, and Notre Dame, which is only 1.7 kilometres away. The breakfast staff was excellent, friendly and went out of their way to take care of you. A lot of noise in the hallways from slamming of doors from other guests was also annoying. Go to a better hotel if you can afford it. Good Location,but it ends there.Hotel staff gave us the key and the service ended there. Nice tiny room with a nice view to Blvd S Michel...i like small hotels so this one was good for me ..only 5 rooms each floor ...the location excellent for me ...friendly staff...i tried breakfast once. Single, double, and twin rooms are available, and their suite features a stunning view of the city. Each of their tastefully appointed guest rooms are furnished with free Wi-Fi, a flat screen TV, hairdryer, telephone, and a safe. We had a balcony that had good views of the local area, very close to cafés and markets. Room was small,no facilities.Shower was that small that when I turned in the shower,I continually hit the on/off lever and I am of average build. It is dated though but right next to the rer train to cdg airport. It is low cost room daily rate when compared to 3 stars hotels.
The hotel is 450 metres from Bikini Berlin, a shopping centre, and the same distance from Stage Theater of the West. Restaurant 44 serves modern Swiss fare for evening meals, plus a breakfast buffet. Alternatively, guests can walk a bit further to reach the Photography Museum, 700 metres away. Couldn't ask for a better place to stay in Berlin. Very friendly staff, great location, good breakfast and room amenities (Nespresso machine), firm but comfortable beds. the local German population is a bit thin on the ground due to the influx of workers from many other parts of the world, but if you look really hard you will find traditional German pubs food, beer, and entertainment, but venture off the tourist trail .. still a great city to visit though. Moreover, Grande Galerie has coffee and snacks, while the Palermo Bar provides tempting cocktails. Got the airport express train then 10 min walk to hotel. It was way too hard and felt like there were no springs at all. The room was modern, spacious with wonderful views of the Ku’damm. This hotel has both a Finnish sauna and a gym. Great location to explore Berlin on S Bahn and underground. Their attention to detail was excellent even noticing that it was my friends birthday whilst we were staying and leaving her a card and birthday cake. Guests can stay productive at the spacious work desks, which feature ergonomic chairs and tablet computers. Travellers can use the property's underground car park for a surcharge. Excellent hotel, great place to spend a few days while exploring Berlin. There are 316 rooms at Swissotel Am Kurfürstendamm, each one offering free Wi-Fi. I was very annoyed and sent an angry email to the hotel before I went to bed, and first thing the day after I got a new and lovely room. I also got a brilliant surprise in the afternoon that day, which I enjoyed a lot. Had a really good stay at swissotel the location is in a great spot with easy access to everywhere. It doesn’t have that luxury that 5* hotel should have. Rooms were very clean and comfortable, apart from our room having a huge monument outside our window!! Great visit , made good use of the many transport  options available,flew about the city like  native Berliners its so easy to use . Woukd definitely book this hotel again if returning to Berlin. The hotel staff are excellent and willing to help (marc was very good). The en-suite facilities have separate showers and tubs, plus hair dryers. Hotel good for shopping and near metro station  I feel good about staff stay. It has convenient location, clean rooms, pretty reasonable price for what you get. Subway station across the road made it easy to go East. But Overall had a very pleasant and comfortable stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to visit Berlin! We loved the little tablet with hotel information (much better than printing too much paper like other hotels) and the delicious self-serve coffee. A business hotel first and foremost, rather than an opulent 5 star, but very good at it. Ask for a room high up, and with a view of Kurfurstendam. I also got the last room I guess, an awful smoking room, so I didn't sleep for the first night. We ate breakfast at different cafes nearby but on our last morning chose the hotel breakfast and it was excellent. Super friendly and helpful staff,  beautiful room with an amazing view It also has ten conference rooms and ultra-modern glass lifts. My stay started very bad, I had to wait one hour for check in, as the poor man working at reception was all by himself. The staff was excellent, serviceminded and really nice to me. The hotel is very nice, convinient, highly professional and in a very good location. Located 12 minutes from Aquarium Berlin on foot, Swissotel Am Kurfürstendamm provides guests with an excellent location for exploring. The hotel has no swimming pool, the gym is very stuffy and the water machine is also not working, in the restaurant you wait for an hour for the salad, the room is very stuffy. The best part was that I got a late checkout when I left, which saved my day. Our first trip to Berlin was so positive thanks to the great hotel location and service.
Took us a while to figure out what the noise was! Upon investigating to see what was up, I realized that the window (behind the curtain) had been duct taped shut. Close to Mag Mile so you can walk to shopping, restaurants, and entertainment. My stay was amazing and I have absolutely zero complaints. While there were some minor details that could be addressed, I have never been disappointed by Hampton Inn and this time was no different. There are 11 meeting rooms available which offer a combined space of 18,000 square feet and the hotel can provide audio/visual equipment. Ashley at the front desk was amazing and deserves a pat on the back for being an excellent representative of your hotel! We received a response stating the hotel has already contacted us regarding our concern (which they had not). Hopped a cab to Hampton Inn because we had all our luggage. No problems w/ elevators and staff was great to deal with. I would rather park myself than use valet so when I have to use their service you would think they might be happy visitors with vehicles kind of keep them employed. In the morning that we are checking out the house keeping woke us up at 9:00 o'clock. Super easy to walk all around downtown from this location. The free breakfast is amazing, except for the annoying sound that the waffle maker makes when it's done. Again not a deal breaker, but that chair really wasn't necessary in that small space. However, the big chair in front of the window is very poorly placed. He also said a second compliant would get us kicked out. I thought we would have to wait with our luggage till 3:00 but they were so kind to give us our room before time. Even the staff that knocked on our door said he was listening for 5 minutes and we were not loud but he had to follow through on the compliant. As someone who works in EMS, I kept thinking somebody was flatlining while I was eating my breakfast! The bed was nice and comfortable & big props on the housekeeping for keeping it clean and tidy. 12 of the rooms at the hotel have been especially adapted for disabled guests. Will definitely be back & try to stay more then just one night. Within 2-6 blocks, 360 Bldg (John Hancock), Chi Water Tower, Water Tower Place shopping, Ugh Store, Gino's East pizza and Ghirardelli Chocolate. We recommend this hotel if you are planing your stay in Chicago. We were traveling with a toddler so after the 1st night, I went to the front desk and spoke with Maryanne asking if we could have a new room. Plus, other employees told us the hotel was not full. We got a noise complaint after getting back from a concert and we weren't even loud. We walked to the bean,navy pier, and the water tower from the hotel. Everything seemed fine, however, all night long our heater ran and the room was still cold. Free breakfast included but we chose to go to The Yolk restaurant which was several blocks away. Only negative was our room location, right behind elevators, but we did not ask to be changed. check in was a breeze...the complimentary breakfast was very good, a lot of options! I went back to our room and told my husband what just entailed at the front desk. The only downfall was the wait for the elevator which could be 10 minutes at times. Breakfast was the best continental I have ever had- including a variety of fresh fruit, fresh waffles complete with toppings, and sausage. I had actually stayed at this hotel previously when it was under a different name, so I was somewhat familiar with it. All the guest rooms are non-smoking and include amenities such as televisions with satellite channels, telephones, internet access, work desks, coffee makers, mini bars and individually controlled air conditioning. I was rather disappointed that they rented a room out that was in need of repair like that! I hit my knee and foot on it at least five times during our three day stay. sometime you may need to wait for a long time for the elevator. We were able to get a great deal on this hotel through Travelocity. Breakfast was great, a different hot food item each of the 3 days we stayed. I loved their breakfast buffet.. COMES IN HANDY when you have little kids so the extra money in our pocket was a PLUS xoxox I would recommend this hotel as I had a great stay here. Room was clean and not overly big, but bathroom was good size. Our room was perfect and exactly what we needed, a place to lay our heads and relax after a long day of walking the city. Nice view, nice breakfast buffet, close to water place mall, the movie theatre, & the 360 building. Around the corner from great shopping and close to great restaurants. For business guests there is also a business centre offering a range of business services. The gentleman who checked us in was very courteous and helpful. It might as well have been wide open with the amount of cold air coming in. The hotel was very nice but parking cost $120.00 for two nights. The Sky Bar is located on the 40th floor and offers panoramic views of downtown Chicago. The view was amazing, and the convenience was top notch. Staff was very friendly and was great with my toddler. There was a bit of a mix up with our room, and it was promptly addressed and fixed. It was very clean and the bed was super comfortable. The hotel is very close to main shopping district but it is also close to a medical center so the siren of the ambulances never stop. He got a crib up to our room quickly and called to check on us. The bathroom was clean and has large counter space for all your personal items. We had to turn the thermostat up to 78-80 degrees and listen to the noisy heat register that at times would just blow out cold air. The Elephant & Castle restaurant and pub is located onsite and is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner serving up a range of traditional pub food. This hotel has one of the friendliest staff as we've ever experienced. The staff made sure everything went well for us while we were there. Located very close to the city attractions and shopping strores. There are two separate registration desks and when we arrived no one was manning the Hampton side. We had tv on and was talking and all taking showers getting ready for bed. Very small rooms, outdated, extremely expensive parking, $60, very small elevators, when you walk the floor is very uneven and a problem for an old person. We had to wait for the guy to find ish with someone checking into Homewood and then walk across the lobby to check us in. Upon arriving we requested to store the luggage; however, front desk noted our room was ready. Create more separation in the lobby so we don't feel like second class citizens. Our stay was very nice, it is a good location, the staff was very helpful. not only did it look trashy, but it definitely was not helping to keep the cold out! The morning breakfast is very good and is well maintained. Even though I told them that we will be in the room till the check-out time (12:00) they knocked the door once more at 11:00. Our room was directly behind the elevators, which was a bit noisy, but not horrible. Other than that, great staff and perfect location for shopping! I work in the hospitality industry & I know first hand how hard it is to find good housekeepers. The bed was next to window and the room was so cold. This hotel is split between a Homewood Suites and a Hampton Inn, both owned by Hilton. And the wonderful lady at the front desk made sure to accommodate Me to a high floor with a great view of the city like I asked. Overall I was very happy with My stay & will definitely be back again. Hotel was clean, staff was very friendly and the location of the hotel was awesome! I will plan to stay again when we return to the Windy City. The room was nice and clean with flat screen tv. It's a great location and has all you need in close proximity. The window was frosted over with ice all day long. The location of the hotel, both from the Michigan Avenue and the Lake, made this a remarkable find. Only thing I can say is our beds were very soft rather than firm which we prefer. Will stay there again when we go to Chicago again. Perfect location, easy to find good parking places and the breakfast was excellent. If I did not have to wait so long for a down elevator!!! Traveled to Chicago (union station) by train from northwest suburbs. We needed a hotel near Northwestern Memorial, and this was perfect being just a block away. When I mentioned it st the desk, the woman was unfriendly and rude. The only downfall was that the elevators were extremely slow (they share 3 elevators with the Homewood suites), however they offered the maintenance elevator if we waited too long! We were very pleasantly surprised by how well we were treated throughout our stay! Nice hotel, great location close to everything I Love about Chicago. For leisure there is a swimming pool and a fully equipped health and fitness centre. Our check in was till 3:00pm we got there at 8am and they gave us our room right there and then. At checkout, I was told Orbitz will be refunding my credit card for one nights stay. No hot water in shower , the mattress was uncomfortable ,the morning breakfast had eggs that were terrible also the parking attendant the checked me in I be-leave took my Cologne  . Breakfast very nice, may wait awhile for elevstors in morning She said “We don’t have another room, you’ll just need to keep the curtains closed.”  We had the curtains closed all day and night already, thanks for the helpful suggestion not-so pleasant lady! Valet parking was listed at $60 so we found a parking spot for half that two blocks away with SpotHero. A little small but for the price and location it was excellent. The hotel has a total of 351 guest rooms which includes 100 suites. My husband and 3 small children stayed at the Hampton the weekend before Christmas. It's a great location right off of Michigan Avenue with access to anywhere in the city and I would absolutely stay here again and recommend it to anybody looking for a hotel downtown! On multiple occasions we waited over 25 minutes.... even used the stairs once to go down 16 flights! Stayed at this hotel because of closeness to Magnificent Mile. Overall a great deal, we would stay again for sure. The 4 star Crown Plaza Chicago Magnificent Mile is situated in downtown Chicago 15 miles from O’Hare International Airport.
I was not aware of this additional fee when I booked the room. The staffs helpfulness & professionalism made the bad part tolerable. Was not happy they charged a $50  resort fee. The workers at Paradise Resort were very kind and friendly. Hotel is right by the beach and is conveniently accessible. When we arrived at the hotel there was a mixup in our reservation (my fault). Full kitchens provide a home away from home experience with dishwashers, and a complete list of cookware. 2nd the heater didn’t work) the MOST important thing is that I was quickly accommodated & received a room upgrade. Both beds seems to have a mattress of the consistency of a pullout couch, not good! One of the heated pools where not working but was working on it next day. Other than some of the guest being loud and annoying was a very nice stay. The Tiki bar had good prices ($5-$7 for frozen drinks, you pay $10 at many other places). They call this a resort fee but it really should be inclured in the quoted price. I would stay here again if we had the opportunity. I thought this was very odd, pointless, and took away from the overall hospitality majorly. They even helped locate an Item we left behind and helped us make arrangements to have it shipped back to us. Our room was smaller than most and had only the tiniest sliver of an ocean view. Tanger Outlet, with over 100 shops and dining options is 15 minutes from the Paradise Resort. We would definitely stay here again and recommend to others. And the kids ran up and down the halls yelling at each other. We reached earlier than check in time and the desk was willing to accommodate us as well as took care of giving our preferred floor. This hotel was great for families, with a fantastic view of the beach. The only thing I would change is that I would book directly through the hotel next time. It could have been more enjoyable except for the thousands of motorcycles for Memorial day but that is not the hotels fault. Other couple had same room and just as nice(deluxe King Suite). The hotel was very nice, great view of the ocean, Had to purchase our breakfast separate, but it was a very nice buffet... Checked-in to a warm welcome from the front desk and concierge. We totally enjoyed our relaxing stay and plan to return. I was heading out & she told me that if I got my things together they had ppl who moved your things. So I thought since it was still early, it would t be too bad. Also,  You are given wristbands when checking in that are mandatory to wear while staying in the hotel. Will definitely book again if I'm in the area traveling Me and my family came to Myrtle Beach just for 1 night. TVs are located in both the living room and bedroom. As a retired couple, we loved being on the beach and relaxing in the sun.Thank you Paradise Resort for a great vacation! The party staying at the end of the hall was so incredibly LOUD & disruptive from 9 pm until 4 am. Kick off your shoes and soak up the sun at the Paradise Resort. Though I had a couple of hiccups (1st room smelled like a smoking lounge. The room was great,, the staff was great, the view was great,, couldn't have asked for anything any better Great stay very clean great location  price was good for our stay only thing wish had two bathrooms in room loved the bed in wall the kids loved it my ocean view was fabulous just so beautiful to wake up to should have ice machine on each floor wasn't a big deal but would be nice all the kitchen supplies came in handy cooked good One of the security guards Jason even walked with me to the mini mart down the street that night so I wouldn't have to walk alone. The best place we had ever stayed The staff were the nicest people to be around, can't wait to return! The 2 bedroom 2 bath Ocean Front room was great. You need a car to navigate around, nothing really close around. The friendly staff went out of their way to find us a room to meet our needs. The big pool was dirty with foamy and white stuff stuck around the inside rim of the pool. On my last night I did see a roach in my bathroom. Relaxing peaceful management very pleasant room had everything i could hope for Great place to stay and the food at the restaurant was fantastic! Overall this is the best hotel I have stayed in.. Everything is just on point at this facility.. Never have I stayed at Paradise Resort and had a bad moment or day here It was so inviting to wake up in the morning and see such a beautiful sunrise. My room was on the 20th floor, the view was amazing! Not happy with the check in person who was rude and sarcastic. The only thing we felt was a let down was the breakfast. The staff was amazing, clean rooms, had full kitchen, washer/drier, steps from the beach. Nice hotel, not sure if housekeeping was included but it wasn’t done daily, not a big deal. Guests can choose from condos with up to four bedrooms. The staff was awesome, beautiful view from balcony, beds were comfy and we had plenty of room, kitchen was decently stocked with essentials. They were in the midst of renovations, but what was done was very nice. Keep the family entertained wth a giant chess board, outdoor shuffle board, and a bean bag toss area. It's like staying in a ghost hotel and ghost town. All the facilities including the indoor pool, hot water tub, lazy river were working well. We only stayed a couple nights but it was nice. We chose this hotel because of the locaion and price, very glad we did. Hotel staff was the most helpful I have ever encountered. The entire staff that I came in contact with wa pleasant and very helpful. Was very clean friendly staff great views of the ocean. The staff were not only polite, but ia nviting and helpful. We feel that there is definitely room for improvement for the breakfast. Free DVDs rentals with up to date movies and money off coupons for local restaurants. There were also a bunch of charges that the check in person did not want to explain or elaborate on just that we needed to them. Just a few minutes from family activities, food, and the boardwalk. Around 11 I went to the front desk & requested a room move the next morning bc my 1 y/o FINALLY was able to fall asleep during a few minutes of quiet time. Nothing around is open even restaurant in hotel closes early. I called front desk around 9:40 & asked when “quiet time” kicked in on them grounds. Intended a couple night stay then extended it to 4 nights This was my family’s first trip to Myrtle Beach and it was pretty awesome! We only stay one night and the room was CLEAN, very spacious and comfortable for a family of four. Everything about resort was great but was double charged for resort fees...was charged when booked and charged again at check in The stay was excellent from check-in to check-out I don't have not one complaint. Went in the winter so beaches were quiet and well maintained. The staff seeks to serve the guests and guarantee a good night’s stay. Rooms were clean and the view of the beach was perfect. The next morning the next shift lady informed me that my room move had been done & they were cleaning my room. Definitely needs to do upgrades on Furniture/Beds, for the quality of the hotel Comfort should play more into par other than that its great A breakfast restaurant, as well as a tiki hut snack bar, can be found on-site. The adults argued & cursed each other out in the hallways for abt 3 hours. I wouldn’t mind staying here again but only when it’s slow & kids and drunk adults aren’t running around. So my fiancé had to park his truck at a restaurant down the road. You will be charged $15 per day, per room, in addition to the price you pay ahead of time. It was a relaxing time and the beach was amazing. Featuring an indoor lazy river and newly renovated oceanfront pool, this family-friendly hotel offers gorgeous ocean views, 15 minutes from the 350 acres of shopping, dining and attractions at Broadway at the Beach. Guests can relax or stay fit with the two jacuzzi pools and workout room. I came up to visit my fiancé on a business trip and only one of our cars could use their parking. We enjoyed the pools although they became crowded at times. All staff we had contact with was friendly and helpful.
Choice of hot and cold items on the breakfast buffet. Breakfast was nice with both continental and cooked food although the cooked food appeared to have been all cooked early and kept warm. The reception desk are all very friendly with helpful advice. The Alhambra palace is just over one and a half kilometres away. Breakfast had cooked and cereal/bread options and fresh fruit, coffee and tea were avaliabe. It was a short walk to the Plaza Nueva where you can hop on a bus or the tourist train to the tourist areas of the Alhambra or Albacin (Old town) or Sacromonte (Cave houses) Very convenient located hotel.Friendly small clean quiet.Enjoyed my stay.Great to leave car behind took taxis  and bus and walked.Everything within short distance.Good local reasonable tapas and bars. There is a small refrigerator in the room, but no tea or coffee making facilities - so if you fancy a cuppa, bring your own travel kettle. In terms of price it was great value for such a central location. This hotel is in one of the best locations for exploring the city. From the balcony  we could see the Sierra Nevada... just. Check in was not friendly and the security seems out dated. There are so many other breakfast choices close to the hotel. Very friendly, accommodating staff, hotel near nightlife, shopping and more. This is a great hotel in the most perfect part of town. All of the rooms feature free Wi-Fi, air-conditioning and a flat-screen TV. Perfect location for city shopping site seeing eating etc in our favourite city. The staff were pleasant and helpful, the location is good. We assumed that we meant that was 'free', and could park there for free. There is a guest lounge and computer for guest use. Our room is facing the back alley so it was quiet. Room was a good size, with Juliet balcony overlooking Navas. When I asked the concierge for parking, they directed me to a public parking space around the corner that was 'libre'. Very busy street, bustling with places to eat, but close the windows and you'll sleep right through it. Quite dated / tired room facilities.......we changed to a bigger/ better room at no charge for the second night. Reception is open 24 hours a day and offers a tour desk, currency exchange, luggage, and ski-storage. C3 bus to Alhambra within 5 minutes walk of the hotel. The location is so central and easy to walk everywhere. Restaurants just outside the door and tourist sites within walking distance. It is located in a very popular tapas bar street which is very lively but our room at the back meant we didn't get disturbed by this. There are several bars just outside front door but I can't really go to those In my pyjamas. When we went to get our car the next day, the parking attending wanted 20 euros, cash only. Finding the Hotel by car is impossible, and public parking is very expensive The hotel is basic but clean and have very helpful staff. I told the concierge, and said that she meant 'libre' as in free space, not as in 'gratis' no payment. Perfect location for access to most places, and very quiet position.Would definitely recommend this hotel I paid for the breakfast  one morning and it was awful, awful, awful. Fairly good location, but you can hear everything from the room. I thought that the hotel offered good value for money. Free use of safe in room, just ask on reception for the key. The air conditioning works well and is quiet enough to sleep with it on. Great central location for getting on and off the airport bus, close to eateries and the Corral del Carbón (if you need to print your Alhambra tickets without the walk up to the Alhambra beforehand.) On the street was a good choice of Tapas bars and restaurants, The hotel is also close to the main shopping area. Wifi was very good although it only worked on one of two iPhones. Comfy smart hotel with obliging staff and good breakfast fare. At the time of my stay it was reasonably priced. The Hotel was in a good location, Room was good, clean with comfy beds, we had a front balcony overlooking the street, but it was not a noisy street,  Breakfast for good, plenty of choice. We had a rental car with us and there was no place for us to even briefly park while we checked in as it was a pedestrian street. Our only annoyance was that we were not able to get a drink tea or coffee or hot chocolate last thing at night as no drink making facility either in room or centrally. The room was very clean and comfortable with adjoining bathroom also very clean with good shower etc. This was not an issue for us so we didn't raise it with staff. Granada is famous for its delicious tapas, free in bars when purchasing a drink, and there are bars and restaurants around the hotel. The bed took up most of the room and there was no place to put our luggage out of the way without jumping over it. The private bathroom includes both a bath and shower, together with a hairdryer. Staff were extremely helpful to us during our stay and should be commended. Also, the stairs in the entry way to the hotel don't even have a basic ramp to make it easy to roll your baggage wheels up and town. Navas offers comfortable hotel accommodation on a pedestrian street in the heart of Granada, only five-minutes’ walk from Granada Cathedral. We ran into 3 other travelers who, like us, were struggled to find the hotel which is buried in the middle of a pedestrian-only block.
I told her something had to be done because it was really uncomfortable. Had a cigarette burn in blanket which was extremely noticible,  I don't know how that was missed, bed was made horribly,  as if who ever made it hated their job. We were so happy with the drivers and how they drove and got us in and out of traffic. Have stayed here many times before but the place is becoming rundown and in need of some serious cleaning and maintenance. Found a long black hair in my bed when I was initially checking for bedbugs. I was there for three nights and after the first night, tried to find another hotel. Had a great view of it but the ceiling the next morning showed there was a leak in the roof that was still being worked on. And depending on traffic, there are several ways of getting to the downtown area from this hotel. Problems: The entrance to the pool is a lawsuit waiting to happen. First of all driving to this hotel was an experience, you have to go through horrible parts of town and nothing is around this hotel. I also cleaned up hair left at thebase of the toilet that had been left there by previous guests. When we finally got up to our room it was set to 80 degrees and despite us turning the air down to 60 (as low as it would go) and the fan on high, the room remained at at least 75 degrees. The restaurant inside cook a good burger and as a pretty good free breakfast. Manager said they had a hard time regulating air due to the weather. The hotel was clean, quiet, the beds were very comfortable. Such an interesting building, really enjoyed the bar and restaurant, the room was also very good. As you push open the door you  must immediately step down one step without warning. At one point, after waiting over two hours for the shuttle around 9pm and calling multiple times to be told just ten more minutes before someone finally admitted they'd forgotten me multiple times, the front desk attendant felt it appropriate to tell me I should've just been more of a trooper rather than simply apologizing (much less offering any sort of compensation for the $20 taxi ride I'd finally taken. Bedding is Feather so if your allergic like me make sure you request Feather Free. Hotel restraunt had decent food a bit overpriced for what was served though. The hotel features a commendable outdoor pool, and fitness center. Our room wasnt as clean as it should have been. People were very friendly and the restaurant and bar was so nice too. While checking in, the staff really wouldn't speak to us and spent most of their time on the phone. I immediately called management to come up and packed up our children. Oh yeah, the traffic never stopped except between the hours of 2 AM and 4 AM on the highways, 3 major ones, right in front of the hotel. They have memory foam mattresses, which is impressive, I had never slept on one before. We get a new room where my 7 yr old son finds a pill fragment in the nightstand. Our room was old, dirty and smelled like an old bar. I only had a problem with a breakfast attendant that was rude to my daughter. Long waits for elevators at times especially in the mornings. The room was okay except for the very loud air conditioning/heating unit. He didn't charge us for the stay and we left thankful we didn't get hurt and were never going to be back in that hotel again. In the exercise room, 2 of the 3 exercise machines were out of order, and the service in the attached restaurant / bar was absolutely terrible. Our room was not cleaned on our 2nd day and even after I complained and their manager apologized with a basket of treats, housekeeping still did not replenish soap, shampoo, tissue box, lotion. Upon opening the packaging I realized that the charger was not compatible to my phone. We had dinner in the hotel and the food was just OK it was basic bar food. There was a 2 inch gap between the floor and the room door. The price was very good compared to other hotels in the same area. Most of the time I don't psy attention to the looks and stares but this was over the top so I had a great stay and will be back! I noticed a bar of soap on the floor far back by the wall . Staff are excellent,  hot breakfast, clean rooms & overall satisfied. Finally it is located in the heart of an industrial area and has a working train track in front of it. And the carpet in the room either needs to be replaced or be deep cleaned. I PLAN ON MAKING ANOTHER TRIP TO DENVER AND WILL DEFINATELY STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN!! If you are going to the Denver Coliseum, this is a great choice. Front desk staff is super friendly great customer service here:) Yes, the TV only had about three functional channels and the desk chair was missing a wheel, but those things weren't terribly important to me anyway. We asked for a room with a view and received a room with a delightful view of the highway. The A/C did not work at all but I always travel with a fan so I didn't die from the heat. Maid service to room slow, 2 days room not made up until after 3 pm. I have stayed here a few times and will stay again. The Forney Transportation Museum can be reached through a four-minute drive. Thankfully, they do have a little shop for things like this. Finally, a dirty washcloth was left in the tub and it was not retrieved despite the shower curtain was left open. We didn't check in until about midnight and were greeted when we walked in. I let th staff know and they made note of it. We stayed 4 nights to check out Denver for a possible move. Wi-Fi access, private parking, and area shuttle are offered free of charge. My daughter is a Native American who models for a Native American organization she is Gothic and has her own style and the attendant was very rude to her because of how she looked! We stayed here mainly because of the Shuttle to Coors field. Thank god my room had 2 beds so I just slept in the other one. THE STAFF AT QUAILITY INN DENVER KNEW HOW TO TALK TO AND DIRECT A BLIND PERSON,WHICH IS NOT LIKE OTHER PLACES I HAVE STAYED, ALL IN ALL I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS HOTEL. They did have Feather Free bedding, but only the house keeping staff knows it  The location is close the the highway, which has its benefits and drawbacks The area that the hotel is in is industrial, deserted, and on the very outskirts of town. Our first night, we were told not to go past the bridge after sundown, which is next to the hotel. Even when you turn it off, you can hear the unit in the next room. The other people checking in tried to make light of it and she was having nothing to do with a smile. The entire hotel was the same temperature so I'm sure the hotel had to no air. The only good thing about this hotel is the extensive shuttle service and friendly shuttle drivers! There's a free shuttle that drops off guests every top of the hour til 10pm. THOUGH THE HOTEL ISNT RIGHT DOWNTOWN THE FREE SHUTTLE MAKES IT A GREAT PLACE TO STAY AT A GOOD PRICE. He was very nice which is why I rated the staff a little better. The next morning was the same and the staff commented that ‘maybe they should get that fixed’  It didn’t inspire confidence that anything would be done about the problem. Betty (supervisor) apologized but said she could not give me a refund of 1st day housekeeping mess because I booked thru Orbitz. When we came back, it was even hotter than when we left! I myself fell off this step and I watched many others do so as well. I GUESS THEY JUST ARE NOT USE TO BEING AROUND SOME ONE THAT HAS A DISABILITY. I can say that the free breakfast was some of the best as far as flavor and quality. The main reason I chose the hotel is that it is close to the highway but has a shuttle running between the hotel and the convention center. Took 17 hours to fix tv we go to sleep with it.After that  everything was okay Front desk people are the best. Perfectly set at the vibrant heart of Denver, the budget-friendly Clarion Denver is located at the intersection of Interstates 25 and 70. Their AC did not work and the heater was out of whack on a snowstorm that Made us sweat all night in the room. I stayed five nights because of my work schedule but should have moved to a different hotel. Our room was comfortable but the bathroom wasn't cleaned well. I booked a no-smoking room through Expedia and the hotel had it down as a smoking room thus we got a smoking room not good. I purchased a charger and went up to my room. How this is possible when they had no open rooms, I'm not sure. From the reservations desk to the restaurant employees and shuttle drivers everyone was very helpful and accommodating. Clarion Denver is only a three-minute drive from the National Western Complex. Hotel/restraunt staff were amazing and kind in every way possible. Furthermore, tasty meals and refreshing beverages are available at the hotel’s Lobby Bar & Restaurant. The room we are in was fairly cramped and there is maybe a foot of space between the end of the king bed and the tv. The room we moved into smelled like dog urine (this hotel also allows pets...), but by this point I had realized that our experience was simply not going to improve, so we went out to buy a few things and febreezed every fabric in the room. I went back down and asked if I could simply switch it I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family. Our hotel phone did not work and we couldn't shut off the a/c even after notifying the front desk. We get there get to our room and start getting settled when I find a bag of CRYSTAL METH or CRACK behind one of the beds! Air conditioning was broken, asked to have air in room fixed so maintenance came to repair the air, maintenance couldn't fix the air so he bought us a box fan. Service in the bar was unimpressive and the staff was rude. It took us 25 minutes to check in at 11:30 at night because the hotel staff was struggling to work their computers. I go to speak with the manager to tell him we booked a different hotel for the rest of our stay and he WASN'T even told about the meth in our room and he was the GM!! The hotel is older and thus has some minor faults but the breakfast was really good. We ended up getting put on the smoking floor as non-smokers. You can smell both cigarettes and marijuana, and it only gets worse when you enter the elevators. Then, the room had patched and peeling wallpaper, chipped paint on the doors, missing tiles in the bathroom, peeling caulking everywhere, grout that ranged from light gray to black, and a few mold spots on the bathroom ceiling. (Bed wad comfy though)  and Bathroom floor never mopped. As for the hotel itself, this was the first time I have ever been asked to pay in full when I checked in, instead at the end, and I quickly learned why. The air conditioner was not working when I got to the hotel room, and was a known condition when the room was booked. The TV signal was bad, though the WiFi was fine. Had an issue with my iron and house keeping brought me a new one in about 3 minutes. Bad thing is a pot grow not far away stinks up the neighborhood like a bunch of skunks. AS A VISUALLY IMPAIRED PERSON I NEEDED LOTS OF EXTRA HELP FROM GETTING MY FOOD TO BOOKING RESERVATIONS FOR ATTRACTIONS DOWNTOWN THE STAFF WERE  MORE THAN HAPPY TO HELP . I turned on the air (they do not have the classic units by the window like most hotels) and we left for some activities. one of the front desk ladies was very rude, she seemed to not enjoy her job, was put out by having to check people in. All elevators reek of marijuana and even non smoking floor has strong whiff of pot at night. The Denver Coliseum is only a three-minute drive from the establishment. The staff was friendly, but took no interest in customer satisfaction. This Quality Inn was nicely located next to downtown and the 70 freeway. They told us they would notify other managers and credit the room for the night. Downtown is not walking distance and there's no shop, store or tourist spot close by. The breakfast was delicious and our room was way nicer than expected. In addition, the rooms are equipped with flat screen televisions, ironing facilities, and coffee makers. The beds were bad kept falling down on the ends due to poor frames. This suited me just fine as otherwise I would have to fight downtown traffic and pay for parking. The bath tub floor appeared dirty, maybe it was permanently stained. The room was large and everything  worked well The internet connection was easy I've had better breakfast from school cafeterias served by persons in hairnets than the disaster of gelatinous meat and congealed gravy. The Palm Grill food was a good alternative to going out to eat. My brother who lives local is now recommending his associates stay here. Although the hotel wasn't in the middle of downtown, it is only 10 minutes away. Check in was great, everything was clean and comfortable on the 6th floor. Staff were friendly, rooms were spacious, bathroom was fairly clean, and amenities were plentiful. For one thing, they do allow smoking in the hotel (on the top floors). We had no AC for a week, and power went out for 3 hours one night. The morning brunch was excellent and the front desk staff was very accomodating. The roof was being replaced while we were there and we were on the top floor. Due to my heavy work schedule I decided to stay and let them fix the air conditioner. For the price and the fact they let me smoke cigarettes in my room, (you don't know how hard that is to find in any city any more), this place was pretty good. I found 3 cockroaches in my room Place is turning into a dump THEY GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE EVERY THING YOU NEED TO MAKE YOUR STAY SPECIAL. In short, this hotel is only worth booking if you: a) have a car, b) don't mind eating dog food for breakfast, and c) aren't bothered by staff who clearly don't care. Nice hotel decent bar and the free shuttle is great! Fast check in & check out, friendly staff, clean rooms. The white walls, large mirrors, high-quality linens, and ergonomic furniture give a bright and airy atmosphere. I was happy to see that they offered complementary shuttles. The hotel and staff were OK but the air conditioner was broke the whole time There was no hot water and my shower was cold on three occasions. One of the elevators was inoperative and the wait to catch the elevator was too long. I can see no real reason to stay here unless you need easy access to downtown Denver. Free hot breakfast was nice and the food was fresh and tasty. I knew of this hotel from an earlier stay but under the flag of a different company So I had some  experience of the place before. When we got to our room, I noticed that it was stifling hot. Rooms are small , feels like very old hotel with carpet smell and all But you can SMELL it, first thing upon walking in! We arrived just after a football game so the lobby was a bit busy but not crazy. The manager was very friendly and helpful the girls at check in and check out very nice! The mattress was pushed away from the wall so when I went to scoot it back I saw it. My family (2 adults and 3 children) came to denver for a family vacation and we booked this hotel. The outside premises had trash everywhere and a section of grass that apparently is the dog pooping area because the poop is never picked up. I am a 23 year old girl and I did not feel safe staying there alone. On a positive note, the beds were actually pretty comfortable for a budget hotel and, despite being pretty outdated, nothing about the room was obviously unclean. I WAS TREATED BETTER THAN I HAVE EVER BEEN TREATED AT ANY HOTEL EVEN 5 STAR HOTELS. Overall experience was okay and would return if rooms were more detailed cleaned! It took about 5 minutes to get any hot water. stay was good but hotel halls and rooms could use a good carpet cleaning The carpet throughout the hotel has horrible stains and trash bags leaning up against the wall, I assume waiting for someone to dispose of. The bed sheets were on inside out and the bed was not completely made. Checked in very around midnight, missed the free breakfast, went next door to a place called Village for breakfast and it was alright but not great. Well later we go eat and come back to a black hotel, power is out in the whole building and we have had enough. Clean rooms, comfy beds, great breakfast, nice staff, enjoyed the shuttle, nice drivers Nice variety something for everyone and staff willing to help. One room super hot - the other room too cold. Real scrambled eggs, great refried beans, sliced and baked ham, mini fried cubed potatoes, biscuits, gravy, pancakes, syrup, milk, oatmeal, cereal, fruit and fruit salad, mini muffins and danishes, and asst. The shuttle service is a joke - they require you to sign up, but don't actually check who's signed up so it turns into a first-come first-served shuttle with way more people than seats available. I called down to the front desk and they said there was nothing they could do because they were fully booked. I liked that you could order from restraunt from hotel room and even have it delivered! My friend needed ice for her knee, and they brought it to us, much appreciated. She spoke to the manager and the manager moved us to a different room.
Each room includes cable TV and a desk, and some have a private bathroom. Just wanted a night's accommodation in Hamburg before my return flight next mornng. Feldstraße Underground Station is a 2-minute walk away, offering direct connections to Hamburg Main Station. A full buffet is provided each morning in the bright breakfast room with street views. This family-run hotel is quietly located in Hamburg’s St. Pauli district, a 10-minute walk from the CHH Exhibition Centre and the Millerntor football stadium. The well-stocked hotel bar is a relaxing place to look back on an eventful day in Hamburg. Turned out it was near the Millentor stadiun where there is a St Pauli fans bar which was very welcoming. S-Bahn and underground trains run to Sternschanze Station, a 5-minute walk away. Rooms at Hotel Pacific Hamburg are simply designed with classic furniture. Private parking spaces can be reserved on site, and the A7 motorway is 10 km away.
Having to may for safe deposit box and pool towels not acceptable. The Deloix Aqua Center hotel is located in the Spanish city of Benidorm. We booked bed and breakfast after reading reviews and thought that you couldn't go wrong with breakfast. It is opened in July 2005 and is categorized with four stars. Had a lovely time at hotel deloix, perfect location just 15 minute walk from the hustle and bustle of busy Benidorm. The only problem was we were 5mins late for breakfast and we were refused For their free time, guests can visit an outdoor pool, where there are hammocks and parasols. They offer equipment such as twin beds, sofa bed, satellite TV, mini bar, heating and safe. It is about 20 minute walk to the beach, or hop on the bus (bus stop outside the hotel). Quite a walk to the beach but plenty of buses to hop onto. Very good hotel this is the third time I have stayed . Deloix Aqua Center has 1200 sq m meeting rooms as well as open areas, which can be used for private parties and business events. Only down side was drilling at 8am from maintenance staff. Clean and comfortable and only a short distance from all the bars Lovely hotel with great facilities and in a great location for Benidorm Palace. It is within walking distance to the beach and bars but away from the noise . The guests are hosted in 190 standard rooms, fully furnished and air conditioned. In the restaurant guests can enjoy Mediterranean and international cuisine The coffee bars offers various national drinks and cocktails. In the spa guests can enjoy the indoor pool, sauna, Jacuzzi and aromatherapy, as well as beauty treatments and various massages. Loved this place although the bar waitress was a bit rude and so unhelpful The guys were great n made it pleasant to stay there The bar girl was not nice at all and to be honest made us feel so unwelcome None of us were drinkers really but if we had been we would certainly take our buisiness elsewhere
My partner and I enjoyed our stay at the hotel. Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam - Arena Towers is ideally located in the lively south-east area of Amsterdam. In the context of Amsterdam's outrageous hotel prices, this is not a terrible choice, but I would not recommend it. This accommodation is also known as Holiday Inn Amsterdam Arena Towers, Holiday Inn Arena Towers, Holiday Inn Arena Towers Hotel, and Holiday Inn Arena Towers Hotel Amsterdam. These amenities include a 24-hour business centre, meeting room, and paid parking. SMOKERS BEWARE:  Some websites, like Orbitz, give the option for smoking rooms, but the hotel is 100% non-smoking, with absurd penalties for violations. Guests can also dine at the Holiday Inn restaurant in the same building. This leaves you the options of taking expensive taxis, parking in the lot at a hefty fee, or walking about a quarter mile, often in bad weather, to the metro station, waiting for the train, and riding about 20 minutes to Centraal Station. excellent hotel within walking distance of Ziggo Dome, so great for concerts, a fairly new build hotel, which is handy for central amsterdam , just 10 minutes by train. Each air-conditioned room is a home from home with comforts such as soundproofing, free toiletries, private bathroom, desk, hair dryer, and tea/coffee making facilities. They also have a very nice European-style buffet, included in the room price, and public computers. I was never able to obtain an outside telephone line, and had to go down to the lobby to make calls. When I left, the hotel charged me an additional amount for local taxes. Will definitely stay there again, 15 minute train to airport and 20 minute metro to city. Although the public areas of the hotels are impressive, the rooms at the Express are the equivalent of a Motel 6, meaning very small, cramped, no closets or drawers, no clocks, no shampoo or conditioner,and limited coffee/tea service. Your options are to rent a car (and the hotel charges a hefty daily parking fee), take expensive cabs, or walk about a quarter mile (usually in bad weather), wait for the metro, and spend about 20 minutes on the train. Great standard hotel very clean, friendly staff and in a great location. As the result, I had to spend hours wandering around Amsterdam in the rain, exhausted after an 11-hour flight. All in all, while I know hotel prices are absurd in Amsterdam, this was not a good value for me. Bad points:  No early check-in allowed, rooms are the equivalent of a nice Motel 6: small, cramped, no clocks, drawers, shampoo, conditioner, or bathtubs. A continental breakfast is served daily in the Great room where there is also a bar and lounge serving drinks and snacks throughout the day. I was never able to reach an outside line on the telephone (always busy), and had to go to the lobby to make calls. Good points:  Modern, clean hotel with bars and restaurants. Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam - Arena Towers is a five-minute walk from Amsterdam Arena with Schiphol Airport only a ten-minute drive. My Orbitz reservation stated that all taxes and fees were included. The hotel added about 35 euros to the price stated by Orbitz for local taxes,  The hotel is located far from the main part of the city. This is a large, modern complex with restaurants and bars. They do not allow early check-in, even though they have numerous rooms. Some websites, including Orbitz, say that this property has smoking rooms. great place to stay and just beside the ziggo dome where we were going for a concert Guests at this hotel can make use of the facilities at the neighbouring Holiday Inn Amsterdam.
Guests can enjoy buffet breakfast and dinner at the onsite restaurant as well as drinks at the lounge bar. The hotel features 264 guestrooms that are equipped with balconies, private bathrooms with bathtub/shower combinations, TVs with satellite TVs, refrigerators, phones, in-room safes, and free Wi-Fi. Then the room aircon was not working and they golf us it was gonna turn on on 15th but it was on from the second day. Other amenities by this hotel include a 24-hour front desk, children’s pool, pool sun loungers, an onsite children’s playground, arcade/game room, an outdoor hot tub, TVs in common areas, and free Wi-Fi in public spaces. Located in the heart of Salou in Tarragona, Spain, Hotel Best Los Ángeles Salou is a three-star hotel with a terrace and an outdoor pool. They did not honour their verbal agreement that was negotiated with the hotel night manager as agreed with hotels.com. I had to call hotels.com over international phone calls for half hour before it was finally resolved. There wasn't much choice for the English either, and the staff didn't know how to communicate properly with us and got orders wrong which we still had to pay for. You would have thought that a 4star hotel would have had more choice for breakfast, and dinner nothing for veggies apart from chips and potatoes and pizza?! Room was good but it is on a street where there is a irish bar and they play music till 3am! Hotel Best Los Ángeles Salou guests can unwind by taking a dip at the outdoor pool or lounging in the terrace with drinks. Food was not even 'warm' it was cold, they placed the food underneath cold lights and the food instantly got cold. Nice hotel with evening entertainment which can be a bit noisy. Some nice places to visit while staying here include Capellans Beach (0.2 miles), Levante Beach (0.6 miles) and Cala Font Beach(1.4 miles).
The 160 rooms are light-filled and impress with reserved but extravagant elegance. The Innside Düsseldorf Derendorf is a special place with an innovative light design in a stylish ambience. A highlight is the open-plan bathroom with floor heating and rain shower in frosted glass appearance. In the wellness area you will find modern fitness equipment, two saunas, steam bath, solarium and a separate relaxation area. The hotel is centrally located in the new business district "Derendorf" with excellent transport links. The shopping district "Königsallee" and the old town are reachable in only a few minutes by car or public transport. The modern ambience invites you to relax and in summer you can enjoy the terrace with an original American Smoker. The property offers our guests a special stay with free use of minibar, WiFi and Sky TV. The exquisite cuisine of "VEN" is directed by our chef who pampers your senses and also surprises with new modern creations. Short distances to the airport, main station and trade fair center.
The hotel would not let me leave without charging me for a night. We found them running around the floors at night in the room. Very friendly staff, very clean, pool and hot tub were nice and clean. We had our granddaughters with us and where totally discussed room there where cocaroaches in the bathroom so big that we couldn’t stay besides that the sofa bed was so old my granddaughter wouldn’t sleep because you could see the worn out springs and our beds where the same very old and worn out. the office did not help, they tell to call some tech support. The bathroom looked like rust and most had been just painted over and new growth had started. The customer service was horrible, the guest service was really not acceptable. The kids had to walk almost a block through two parking lots to get to the pool area. The rooms were decent but there was a closed up musty spell to both of the rooms we had. You get to hear your neighbors conversations, and if you are lucky and have people on both sides, you get to hear both at once! We were given a room for disabled people, which wouldn't have been a problem, but the shower head could not be adjusted normally. The only reason we selected this hotel is due to it's proximity to the Valley View Casino Arena across the street. We did not experience any roaches like other reviewers but there was a bug in our night stand drawer. The Wyndham Garden was really quite beautiful and much larger than it appeared in the photos. They gave me a parking pass, with no disclosure that it's $14. The shower surround was cracked and had previous holes from earlier fixtures that were not filled correctly. The bathtub felt like it didn’t have support when we stepped in it it felt bubbly like a rubber bath mat. It never really cooled of in the other half of the room. This hotel is conveniently located across from Valley View Casino Center. Good price and great location and lots of outside restaurants. The hotel to stay for pleople visiting Seaword, very nice. Harvey was getting a lashing by his wife it sounded like. I will never book again thru you unless we get a whole refund. All rooms feature flat-screen TVs with HBO service as well as free Wi-Fi. The staff was nice but was understaffed to meet the needs of a hotel of that size . 1 or 2 miles away are a bunch of nicer hotels. They might say there is in-room free wifi but that is a complete lie. The beds were lumpy, did not have a functioning a/c. Instead it’s small rooms tiny parking spaces and very disappointing for the money.sally Hotel was clean and neat but is in need of renovation. Very nice room and clean but you need new carpet. Very old, stinks, rooms falling apart, beds are as hard as boards, my kid is a lot of pain as you can feel bars in her bunk bed mattress. I didn't think the hotel was worth what I paid. They charged an extra $10 per night to park, had no included breakfeast, and their on site bar and grill was closed. they would not take my card over the phone or in an hour when I was arriving, even though my guests we on the reservation. It was lousiest and dirty , don't waste your time or money. The hot & cold water were reversed, and the neighborhood was ok, but not great. Except for the “grand” lobby, which was being cleaned every time I went there, the place  absolutely did not look like what was advertised! The onsite Du-Par's Restaurant and Bakery is open 24 hours, offering a menu of salads, sandwiches, breakfast items and coffee. The rooms were very old and I found ants in my room. The room we stayed in was great in size and layout but that is the only good thing I can say about this hotel from our stay. When we were checking in there were many guests trying to switch rooms. At 3am, we were awakened to the same neighbor being arrested as she totally had dismantled her room and the cops were arresting her! It is not a comfortable stay and the online pictures are misleading. next to me stated parking was an additional $14/per day, but she would discount to $7. I thought maybe because we were from Wisconsin, we would be the few willing to swim in 60 degree weather, but others were out there too. We had to leave the window open (which faced Sports Arena Blvd) to air out the room while we were out. A range of different deluxe rooms and suites to choose from will offer the perfect configuration for your party. I had work to do, and it was a big issue. Once we got to our room we discovered hair and a dead spider in the bathroom. In our 4 days stay we were in 3 rooms. It’s a nice hotel close to a lot of activities,restaurants and the beach One issue - AC was in front room and did not really cool the back bedroom. Unfortunately the lounge/restaurant was not open during our stay, but it was nice there were other restaurant options nearby................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. It is a motel and is not in a good part of San Diego. Probably don't blame them as I would be the same if I worked here. It is located between two very loud streets, and not far from the airport and there is very little in the way of insulation so it is loud. I booked the room because it had a queen bed and a bunk bed for our kids but the front door didn't work right and was hard to open each time and the heater didn't work right and even though I turned it off, made a sound all night. All three nights we had to request pool towels to be restocked. The San Diego airport, Old Town and Belmont Park are also just a short distance away. The pull out bed was the most uncomfortable one I had ever been on. We stayed in a family suit for 4 guest and each time the cleaned room theybwould only give us 2 towels i was like wow. I think this location is a Motel 6 posing as a Wyndham. Shabby and dark,Based on the Travelocity site I thought it was a beautiful resort. The carpet in the room was heavily soiled in some areas and and was torn and frayed in others. The only saving grace is that I booked this through Hotels.com and they gave me a bunch of credits to offset the cost of the one night and for our suffering. I was already disappointed in the additional parking fee on top of the room rate. good to stay for few days, good location and friendly staff I typically do a bit more research before booking a hotel but the rate was decent and we were only needing to stay one night before heading back home from the San Diego area. The room appeared as if there has been an attempt to update it at some point but I didn't look like the work had been professionally done. She also was friendly and did not snark back at us. Upon returning to our room after dinner, we were confronted by our next door neighbor who appeared to be “cleaning” her room and she had the entire contents of her room outside her room and down the walkway. The pounding from their kids feet made me search for a better app. There was 2 double beds and a fold out couch. Should have lights on motion sensors, conserves energy and let's guests sleep. Very good location, near a lot of shopping and restaurants. I know that they have lower rates but that doesn't mean their cleanliness standards should be low. The outside of the hotel was very clean and impressive. The staff was nice, but couldn't do anything about the added fees and no breakfast. There were light stains on our bed sheets and finger prints on the head board. Very slow staff and expected more for the amount of money they charge We chose this hotel based on previous experiences at Wyndham properties. It was just not a safe place to be when traveling alone! My room was on the ground floor next to the stair well where a homeless person was sleeping when I arrived during the evening. Both of us being serviced by a different hostesses behind the counter, but right next to each other. I will never stay here again and recommend you find somewhere else to stay as well. Have stayed here in the past and will stay here again. You get to download white noise apps to drown out those conversations once you feel you have learned too much. I had to paid for parking and hotel wifi didn't work. Sofa bed was just springs and so that person couldn’t sleep at all - certainly not good enough for that price. There is a fantastic BBQ place across the street and the hotel is very close to SeaWorld, airport and many popular sites. We asked for a roll away instead and the brought us a baby crib! Th daily parking fee was decreased at check in but at check out the discount was not applied. We had to go to the lobby to use the restroom. If you must stay here may I recommend some Lysol disinfecting spray and if you take snacks please secure them. I searched for a hotel with breakfast included, the fine print says breakfast at a fee... they did not have a restaurant on site, it was closed and they did not offer any free breakfast. No continental breakfast because their restaurant is closed and not actively being renovated even though they say that it is. The location was fantastic if you plan on going to SeaWorld or the San Diego Zoo. Unanswered requests for the staff 1) to vacuum under the pullout couch and 2) to provide extra towels. We checked in and checked out within 1 hour and they still charged me a day. I asked her why the customer next to me only had to pay $7 and me $10. I was 4th in line and there were 4 families behind me. These 2 things cost me much more than if I would of just stayed someplace else! The beds, towels and linens were perfect, but there was sand on the sofa and the room smelled musty. Conference and meeting facilities also make it a great place to host business events, banquets or social functions. But for the price and location the place is nice. Room for four only stocked enough towels for three, had to leave a note for housekeeping. All those kids were taking up all the parking spaces for the hotel parking forctge people actually staying there. Dead palms were falling from the trees and nearly hit one of my children. The lady servicing me said she would discount to $10. I had to pay 12 dollars a day for parking which I think is ridiculous. Had I arrived on vacation to San Diego and found myself at this Wyndham location I would be extremely disappointed. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on that issue. 14.00 parking fee and 50.00 per night deposit over and above the nightly fee, not disclosed in the hotels.com details. I booked my flight before knowing this and had to uber to the hotel, but it wasn't very pricey. The Wyndham Garden San Diego offers family-friendly accommodations just minutes from Sea World and the San Diego airport. I have never written a public complaint about a hotel, so clearly this place must be pretty bad. I called 5 times each time I got told it had been escalated or no status change. Hotel was located in a good spot for our activities, but a lot of homeless people around. They charged 14.00 a night for parking, which is also in the VERY FINE print. The staff was friendly but that doesn't make the quality of the rooms any better. I chose the family suite with a king bed based on the photo on Expedia. This place needs some MAJOR updating to come up to par. However, the beds were uncomfortable, the carpet smells funky/moldy, and if you request for more towels, be prepared to pick it up yourself. The internet was down in building C my entire stay. When we checked out we told the woman at the front desk of our findings. The lobby was breezy and fresh, and the staff was exceptionally nice and friendly! we asked them when we saw them when they would come, they said 4pm and 4 pm came and nobody arrived. When we were ready to leave I was told I had to come to the lobby to check out even though I had no extra charges where I had to wait 15 minutes to talk to someone to checkout of the room. The restaurant was closed for remodeling, which was not mentioned on the website. This is more like a Motel 6 with the Wyndham name on it. We go there often as am a cancer patient in Mex. I would not recommend this place to anyone especially traveling with children. I was NEVER able to connect to the internet on my phone or laptop the entire 7 days I stayed. Upon awakening in the morning we found moisture dripping down the walls, dripping down the door frame and dripping down the mounted wall fixtures. The lady at the front desk told us the gate to the premises would be closed and a key was needed to drive through to park, however, our whole stay the gate remained open and it was slightly unsettling as homeless stood on the opposite side of the streets. Expected this to be more like a Hilton or Marriott Hotel. Our room had a mildew smell that wouldn’t go away. The room was a nice size, but a little out-dated. The bed cover's looked stained to me but my husband said it was part of the print. Then the kids were making noise all night  in groups. Yes, this cheap, I should have read the reviews in more detail, but thought Wyndham had good, proud brands. The hotel is less than five minutes from Sea World San Diego and the Valley View Casino Center. If you think you are booking a night at a Wyndham, you're not. Tons Of kids using the parking atvtge hotel for a party at the sports arena. I would NOT recommend and I will NEVER stay at a Wyndham again. Terrible experience stsff not freindly n security dude is creepy just stares at u thiught it was Lerch. Staff was great but had to handle too many inconveniences! The hotel provided the experience I was expecting: friendly staff, clean room, and a reasonable price. If I had booked it for more nights, I would have canceled. The management has replied to previous posts about cockroaches saying they sprayed and it is now taken care of. Seaworld is in the title (technically near Seaworld)  however the area had no family friendliness to it. The room I thought we were getting appeared to have a separate sleeping area (photo shows a white door) The room we got only had a small, step type dividing wall. On the other hand the staff of the hotel was excellent. The hotel is very clean, friendly staff, waking distance to many places to eat. Rooms are clean and several restaurants, a grocery store, and a casino within walking distance. The Wyndham Garden San Diego has an outdoor heated pool, a game room and a playground for guests to enjoy. The room had some neat features such as a separate room with an extra TV and a sofa. Writing this as I am sitting in the worst place I have ever stayed. I travel alot and this is the first hotel that made the kids feel important. Meaning the front desk admitted to me.of only having one house keeping maid for the 4, 3 story buildings. very nice hotel will definitiy return again, the location and price was really nice. I realize this is California and some businesses use this antiquated marketing technique so they can attract customers to the lower room rate; to me it’s price manipulation. We had to dispose of ours when we found the cockroaches feasting on them. Stayed 1 night and decided to leave the next leaving one day early and they decide now they will charge me for all three nights. Only half hour drive to La Jolla Crove and other sight seeing places . She pft and said she would discount to $7 “even though they are not supposed to”. Even when I left a note asking for more the next day what I was left were two partially used containers of lotion obviously from other people's rooms. The hotel was ok just wore out bed,furniture and the bathroom was just like grandmas house old. But a 15 dollar parking fee, that's a little crazy. The mattress on the fold out was all old springs and not useable! It was the worst stay in my hotel history for San Diego. For the price I paid, I think I could have found something better. room entry door loose had to call front desk to fix and did not succeed, a hotel for $180 a night not up to par I have seen better hotels for $50 a night i would not recommend  this place at all and i am not going back i dont know how travelocity would even have anything to do with wyndham company hotel The neighborhood is somewhat downscale but is within walking distance of at least two shopping centers and is close to Seaworld. Slamming doors and talking all night in the balconies the hotel security did nothing. Yes, people are nice at check-in, but when you call to ask to get out of this place or be moved to another location or renovated room, their tune changes. The entire hotel is severely rundown and in need of major renovations. We struggled to find more than one outlet that we could plug our various chargers into without the plug falling out of the outlet. I just thought with that name it would be a lot nicer! You will know when your neighbours above need to go the bathroom in the middle of night to ensure they are ok. For the most part the staff was nice, but one of the days our room was only 1/2 cleaned and the towels left by the door and no new toiletries or cups. Loud from street and airplane noise, but also very thin walls. There were a lot of adult only stores nearby with store advertisements and window displays that made the area very uncomfortable to drive in with my children - not an area I would ever bring my family back to - not the hotels fault but something that I feel very strongly families should know before selecting this hotel and area in general. When walking around the room barefoot it felt like the carpet was wet. very good service , got an upgrade when I checked in and also checked out at 5-30 am , good big room close to restaurants and shops , bar and restaurant was closed however but plenty close by within walking distance . I arrived later and the other guest with me arrived first. the beds were very comfortable, though walls are a little thin. You had to hold it in your hand and water yourself and the water will spill outside. I actually had to email a copy of my id and credit card before they would let them check in. Jad to call front desk 3 tome to get towels not to mention that the room phone didnt work. The area is rough and the hotel is old and run down. Way too overpriced for condition of room, and lack of included amenities. I was checking in at the same time as another person. The wifi did not work at all (supposedly they are changing providers) and the hotel is infested with cockroaches. The hotel was tired and the pictures did not accurately reflect the room conditions. The lighting outside the room was so bright it made it really hard to sleep. The receptionist did not make a room request an option. The beds were uncomfortable and the comforters were stained on both the queen beds. I been eaiting for travelocity to contact me n they still havent. Good room for the price, lots of walkable resteraunts and a 10 min drive to sea world. I their defence, they DID allow us to check in a few hours early and perhaps the cleaning staff was interrupted? The only problem I found is if your room is in the corner of the building you may experience traffic noise. Had to call police, charged for damages in someone elses room The elevator in the building we were in was gross. I should of paid a little more for a hotel that includes everything up front! I expect transparency and a flat rate per night to stay. The room did not even have a comfortable chair to sit in. It is my understanding that Wyndham recently acquired this property and is in the process of upgrading. The hotel is spread over a large area and we actually had to leave the property and enter from another street to get to our room. The cleaning staff did not come clean the second day. The hotels exterior is a bit hidden by local businesses, but warm and inviting with trees and plants. The hotel is a little bit dated, but generally not a bad value. Also keep in mind the shuttle to the airport is only available 9am-9pm. The room was a good size with a seperate living room with sofa bed. Staff was nice enough to get the right bed but that was after our keys became demagnetized and had to be replaced! When we arrived there was one person attending the front desk, with a line that reached the door. We wanted a king size bed but opted to keep our 2-queen bed room because there was so many disgruntled guests already. I found our room very stuffie / humid , poor air circulation, including small pillows not the average norm size
The sauna has a view over the zoo, and is worth a visit. When I pointed out that the hotel advertised a fitness center (there is actually a picture of one in the orbitz photos of the hotel) and that we should be refunded the 10 euros x 2 people x 3 days, the staff was rude and apathetic. Bathroom open to the room is a bit strange but makes it feel more open. This is where I'll be staying in Berlin from now on. I found this unforgivable as water is a basic necessity surely. Proximity to the zoo and views of same, from the hammock in one's room, make for a memorable, relaxed experience. Every night we enjoyed pleasant zoo sounds of birds, elephants and I swear we heard a lion roar. Great recommendation from reception was berlinfoodstories.com for 5 great restaurants in every category. Only thing I'd prefer is a little more light in the rooms. A really great hotel that's situated perfectly for public transport or walking to interesting places. Do not miss the incredible and bountiful breakfast with sweeping views. We did breakfast on some days only, but it was really worth it, delicious spread. Furthermore, although a few of the front office staff were very cordial and helpful there were others who were rude, abrupt, and literally started laughing as I walked way after explaining the situation with the fitness center! The breakfast however was lovely and probably the best part of the stay. We ate in the restaurant on our second night and were sorely disappointed. Our mains came some time after we asked where the were. I took my boyfriend for his 30 birthday and prior to arriving I contacted the hotel to request a room with a hammock. The views from the monkey bar and restaurant are simpl superb and the location of the hotel is perfect. Also my room had a hammock (as well as a bed)!! They kept asking me to come back and see the manager who was never around (a hotel truly deserving of an exceptional rating would have left a message on our room phone). ,i went to the very comfortable bakery for a coffee when  granddaughter used shower . We stayed at this hotel from Jul 31 through Aug 3. Couldn’t see a thing and certainly couldn’t read in bed as it was so dark with no directional light. In fact, the hotel did not have an in house fitness center. The problems was, that we were trying to find a hotel with a fitness center. While the mezze starter was ok, it was very filling so the main was only picked at. Boasting glorious views of Berlin's popular Kufürstendamm shopping street area, Zoo and Tiergarten, the trendy 25hours Hotel Bikini Berlin sits invitingly at just a six-minute walk from the  Zoologischer Garten metro station. Better than expected, cool casual hotel, with an excellent location. Wine ok not a big selection, seating is a little uncomfortable and place very noisy but to be fair its mainly a young persons bar, had very tasty fries. The Monkey Bar upstairs is popular almost all day, everyday. No toiletries apart from large bottles of inadequate liquid soap (that didn’t lather!) Was with my grandaughter we did not find the open shower a problem there is a modesty curtain. I don't usually write reviews but our stay at this hotel was incredible. Didn’t bother with the TV but it was at the bottom of the bed facing away?! The room wasn’t completely ready when we arrived, however these issues were dealt with quickly and by a brilliant technician. Only complaints, pillows were uncomfortable and shower floor was really slippery. Second stay but this time higher up and as a result noise from the bar disco upstairs was booming though the ceiling. Thank you for the great stay 25 Hours, we will be back for sure. nice view of zoo but could only see a few birds. 25 Hours Bikini was easily the most unique hotel we have ever stayed at. The hotel has a quirky laid-back way about it, but still stylish. At your doorstep (literally) is some unique 'open-mall style' shopping with German brands, restaurants, coffee shops, cafe's - pretty much everything you need. We also visited the 'Bakery' in the reception area everyday which sold sandwiches cakes hot drinks and alcohol with views of the zoo from your hammock! There is free Wi-Fi throughout, and guests enjoy a discount from the adjacent public parking lot. Guests may snack of freshly baked goods from the Woodfire Bakery, and relax with drinks in the Monkey Bar, enjoying city views from the rooftop terrace. We’ve stayed in many hotels in the past four years and 25hours Hotel Bikini is by far our favorite! Going for the studio was definitely worth it, well thought out space - loved the shower and bath. Select rooms additionally feature separate living rooms, and floor-to-ceiling windows with panoramic city views that guests may enjoy from a hammock. We took half an hour just to find it- and the hotel charged 10 euros per person. I realise most Germans don’t take milk with 5heir tea but plenty of tourists do. The hotel has awesome bikes to rent and a perfect little bakery for quick coffee and snacks. Chic, urban air-conditioned and en-suite rooms feature flat-screen TVs and iPod docks. We went in the monkey bar and had a few drinks,my cocktail was watery and tasteless not worth thd 12.5 euros. The hotel is attached to a fab mall with shopping and eateries....well worth a visit! The room is super cool and fun, shame that we didn't get the zoo side, but the city view was still amazing. Only downsides were the very dim but cool lighting and aircon wasn't great. I wouldn’t stay 5here again unless they resolved the issues we had The hotel is perfectly situated at the heart of the city, its right next to a shopping mall, close to many great spots and 5 mins walk from a major transit station. Super friendly, patient and knowledgable staff is available 24 hours. On the plus side, the hotel is very stylish with a edgy modern feel with unique in-room features such as a hammock and a great location near the Berlin zoo. A hotel that has a fitness center has one that is in house and included in the room rate. Situated in a busy retail part of the city with a lovely view of the Zoo on one side of the hotel and the church and shopping area on the other side. They followed through with my request and couldn't be more accommodating. We love the smart contemporary design, lively atmosphere, the beautiful rooftop restaurant with incredible 360º views of Berlin, and most of all, the bright, tranquil rooms with floor to ceiling glass supplying uninterrupted views of the zoo, Tiergarten and Berlin. Popular attractions include the Potsdamer Platz, the Brandenburg Gate, and the Memorial Church on Breidscheidtplatz.z We love this hotel, the room, the service, the views, and the restaurant. Language wasn’t the issue as we were there with my Fluent German speaking aunt and uncle. Stopped eventually but stay lower down and then not Audible My room had an extra platform lounging bed which was nice to have. This was the perfect stay for my sister’s 40th birthday!! We sent half full plates back as did several tables. Rental bicycles are available, which may be included in the room price. It had a partnership arrangement with with a gym that was four blocks away, tucked into some kind of shopping mall in a corner. We’ve stayed here three years in a row and we can’t say enough. Guests may work out in the associated fitness centre, and relax in the sauna.
Nestled between the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées in the beautiful city of Paris, Kleber Tour Eiffel Champs Elysées serves as a home away from home. Walk 3 block to cham-elysee and have awesome breakfast 25€ for 2 people. Furthermore, a library and two meeting rooms are also found on-site. Our room was always clean and the bed was super comfortable as well. No outlet for your electronics and they dont have adapters try finding a store that has one for sale in that neighborhood is nearly impossible. From Kleber Tour Eiffel Champs Elysées, the Kleber Metro Station is a two-minute walk away. Rooms look nothing like the photos - small, cheaply furnished, and the bathroom was really dirty. The hotel features a business centre and a parking area, which are open for 24-hours each day. I went down to lobby was lucky that the lady now speaks english and she said  the man in charge of maintenance is not here now tomorrow 8 am ill send him up nobody showed. Typical Parisian hotel, my room was tiny but others looked bigger Breakfast not worth 20€ pp, no choices , cold coffee and nasty attitude from server. Everything was great, the only problem was the dust under the bed. We had a roll out bed and when we took the roll out of the bed, under the bed was totally covered in dust. Hotel Kleber is a small but friendly hotel perfectly situated. Excellent location very close to arc de triumph and champs elysee..metro stations close by..needs a bit upgrading..there was a few confusion with the staff we believed we booked with breakfast and they made us pay againand try to make it up to use by upgradingbour roomywo nights before checkout good shower and bathroom, heating worked very well, and the price was very reasonable. This location is not noisy, just off the path from the hustle and bustle of the city. Was going to put away my valubles ( safe doesnt work). Will definitely remember this place for my next Paris trip. Even though I showed them the reservation from hotels.com I couldnt win so I just went ahead and told them to charge my card. Other dining options outside the hotel include Akrame, Restaurant Victor, and Restaurant Le M64. This was a good hotel which is walking distance to several tourist attractions including Arc de Triumph (10 minute walk) and Eiffel Tower (15-20 minute walk). full of charm (the good kind), very clean and comfortable. Rooms were small though, however, this is expected in a small hotel like this one. We ended up leaving one of our credit cards in the cabinet, the staff called us and then mailed it to us in the states. This hotel is a well appointed hotel at reasonable prices -  It is a great base for any trip to Paris and close to the tube line. Also, the hotel had a old style to it which made it quaint and lovely. Got dressed went let them again they said will send sombody up never did. Each room is equipped with a minibar, and a television with satellite channels. We will definitely be returning on our next visit to Paris. Came back maintenance guy went up fixed safe but not tub. I have more...but let me tell you the outcome of the tub first. The large windows and wooden floors give an airy atmosphere. The Cocktail Bar serves refreshing beverages in a cosy setting. Although bathroom was a little moldy and our safe did not work (even though we notified staff numerous times). Went up to room hopeing to talk a nice bath ( hot tub doesnt work) and this is because they are charging me extra for the tub. First they couldn't find my reservation after 10 min of searching they found it , than to my surprise they said that they rate would be more.
We stayed there for 3 nights and the shower was fixed on the last day we were there : ( The credit card I gave to the hotel for incidentals was charged and the credit card my husband used to actually pay for everything was also charged. Of course the hotel is beautiful and historic, the location is  great , the food tasty, the room well-maintained and cozy. The staff was very professional and the hotel is well maintained. Highly recommend it, and if possible have a great meal at the rib room. I would recommend the room with doors onto a balcony. The hotel is in a great location and is beautiful with an incredibly friendly staff. The only thing that let this hotel down was the room being serviced. The location is fantastic and close to everything in the French quarter. However, the location is convenient for most places and excellent restaurants. We traveled with another couple who paid the same rate as us but they had there room serviced twice a day got chocolates every night and a morning newspaper daily. La Riviera and Touché Bar serve cocktails and food in casual, comfortable settings. And we had the best time watching the Easter Day parade start out from right outside the door. Next time in No we will def stay at this same hotel! The bathroom was not all that clean, but everything else was great. Very close to Bourbon St. but just enough off the beaten path to get away from it. Staff was very attentive however, our rooms were not ready at check in time as promised. We had to call maintenance twice before we got him to fix the cold showers. For sure the bar and restaurant are worth the benefit on site! It's sill the friendly service that will call me back. It is located within a block of Bourbon St and only a couple of blocks from the riverside and uptown. Would have been nice to have a little more counter space in the bathroom Staff was amazing and really helpful from the moment we arrived. We spent almost $800 on the room and didn’t get any type of refund on our room. They allow you to keep your dog in the room while you walk around town (not all hotels do in New Orleans- many say they allow dogs but you can't leave dog in room-be aware) Not too happy with that, but not a deal breaker. Close to Bourbon Street, this hotel features a rooftop pool and fitness center with views overlooking the town. There is a daily parking fee for nearly 50 dollars a day. Crowded for two people in a guestroom with one queen bed. The roof top bar and swimming pool are a great place to hang out. The hotel is perfectly located and the food was very good. The pool on the 7th floor has wonderful views and is a great facility. Jessica, at the front desk helped us print out our boarding passes. It was so convenient to go out shopping and then pop back to the hotel to drop off bags. We went up on the observation deck (out by the pool) Saturday morning and listened to the Natchez Boat play the pipe organ! I probably will not return to New Orleans but definitely do recommend this facility if you plan a trip there!! Cold air blew from a vent and made it very uncomfortable to sleep, but on the plus side it was not musty! It would have been nice to have a room with a view, but that’s not a factor in the review. Micro beer seen is growing a lot of good beer inN,O, The positive thing about the stay was I was really close to everything in the French Quarter. I was here with my grandsons and we had a wonderful time. We spent a lot of money on this room and did not get a discount or a refund. We did get the parking comped, but that had nothing to do with my room stay. The guestroom and the bathroom, however, although nice, were very small. Enjoyed the visit and will be back for the 5th time! I was able to take the St Charles streetcar to the Garden District and the Canal streetcar to the park and NOMA. Hot coffee was spilled on me one of the mornings we had breakfast, they apologized, but I really felt that the service was really poor. The French Market is 0.5 miles away and Mercedes-Benz Superdome is 1.3 miles away. It's beautiful and close enough to everything so you don't need a car. The staff was very helpful and always on-hand to assist us. This is a terrible place - scammed our credit card for over $1000 AUD tried to get them to reverse fraudulent charges on account they did nothing WARNING DO NOT STAY HERE We had brunch in the rib room which was nice. We had a nice 2 night stay here in Christmas day. About $157 for incidental fee charged to your card at check in. This accommodation is also known as Hotel Omni Royal, Hotel Royal Orleans, Omni Hotel Orleans, and Omni Orleans Royal. So if you're not concerned about sleeping while in NOLA, then this hotel would be perfect. Iris assured me that I will have a balcony room, Of course I did not and it sucked,being in the room the whole time you are on vacation, I should have called the hotel myself i could have did a better job Even though the hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter, it's tucked away in a more upscale, quieter area. Within walking distance to all around the French Quarter and Riverwalk. The room was a bit small, but we didn't go to Nola to spend time in a hotel room,so I'm not complaining. The incidental charge is refunded if there are no incidents or damages, etc. Each guestroom features a private bathroom with free toiletries, flat screen TV with cable channels and on-demand movies, coffee and tea making facilities, and air conditioning. Very nice to have staff that actually cares about your issues and works hard to resolve them. Room was very small and no city view (like it said on the site). World War 2 museum excellent also check out the pharmacy museum off St Louis street 1pm tour is very good. The hotel is beautiful, staff is always friendly, and the location is ideal. The concierge gave us a huge variety of great restaurants for breakfast, lunch and dinner within a stone's throw of the lobby. If you get a chance, don't hesitate to book at this hotel. When we checked out we found someone had a car listed under our name and room number and that they had charge us for parking. My favorite aspect of this hotel was the rooftop terrace. Brennan's, Cafe du Monde, Court of 2 Sisters, Central Grocery, etc. My husband and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The WiFi is not free, and the room is very very intense. The hotel  location is ideal, and the staff goes above and beyond. We loved having coffee on our balcony in the mornings. The only problem was we reserved a king room for five days well in advance of our stay. Hotel staff was nothing short of amazing and right in the heart of the French Quarters ! Centrally located, not noisy at night (even though it’s in the quarter), great staff, immediate help... what more can you ask for? Our room was a little smaller than we are accustom to, but the shower was awesome! Great location and love the overlook on the roof top Although a nice hotel, we experienced someone on our floor multiple nights smoking marijuana. We were told that they would not be able to put us in a king room until our second day but they did give us a hotel credit and other amenities. We stayed one night at the Riverside omni and 6 nights here . 1) One of the elevators shakes while moving  2) our bathroom door knob falls off 3) Worst, the down comforter on one of the beds was molded. Check in was over an hour late, room not as nice as described. They have an Easter party/ hat contest, egg hunt for kids right at the Omni. They take pride in making your stay enjoyable and memorable. Well located in the heart of the French Quarter but far enough away from the noise and distractions of Bourbon Street; a true oasis. Attention to all my foodies, there is a fine dining restaurant on the ground level for your enjoyment. This hotel is perfectly situated in the heart of the French Quarters. We were able to walk around and shop in the many shops in the French Quarter. 20 dollars a day for pool pass if you want to swim. This hotel is quiet and in a good French quarter location. Omni Royal Orleans offers a 24-hour business center as well as 24-hour reception. I love the staff, Rib Room, location, views, and safety of this property. I would definitely stay here again, but maybe request a room with a bigger bathroom. We booked a standard queen room, not knowing we would get a miniature-sized petite room - Barely enough space for 2 people to walk around, with no dresser or bathroom counter space at all. Jazz band came to our table and played a song which was nice. We loved this hotel and have stayed at several hotels in the French Quarter and this one did not disappoint. The bellmen and cleaning staff were great.I asked for a wake up call and did not get it on the day of checkout, but the alarm clock was reliable. Concierge services are available to assist with booking tours or providing information about the local area. Second time at this hotel all staff are so personable and welcoming and love that it is dog friendly The Staff greets you each and every time with sincere interest, not fake concern. You are literally on the same street as JAckson Square and a block from Bourbon. This was the perfect location to experience the French Quarter. It’s a beautiful building, but the hotel itself needs a few improvements. We had our room done maybe once a day and not very well and no extras. Early check in, upgrade, awesome front desk and managers, great audio/visual people and management was impeccable too. Not sure how this happened but they reversed the charges so that was good. There are a lot of great things about the famous Royal Orleans (Listen to Led Zeppelin song of same name). The hotel is very nice and located just a block from Bourbon Street but is quiet. Rib Room is the hotel’s award-winning restaurant, serving meat and fish dishes infused with local flavors. I assume it’s costly everywhere in that area though, but it’s worth it if you’re looking for proximity to the great shops and restaurants of the French Quarter. Lucinda was amazing and helped us find the best locations! However, every time a door opens or closes, or every time someone talks in the hallway, or every time the housekeeping staff say housekeeping anywhere near your room, or every time the people in the next room get loud it is like they are in the room with you. Located in the heart of the French Quarter, it is close to everything we wanted to do. Hopefully they will improve done of there cleaning staff everything including there staff was great but we all like a place to be clean! The only downside of this hotel was the cost of valet parking. It took a long time for them to bring us our order (at least 45 mins). This was our third time at an omni hotel and they have always been excellent . The hotel is beautiful (just decorated for Christmas) rooms are clean, beds very comfortable for a great nights sleep! The hotel itself is beautiful however it is an older hotel with small rooms and bathrooms. A lot louder than I thought it would be but staff was very attentive and property was clean When I recieved the crab salad I ordered I found it to very bland and it was missing some of the ingredients listed on the menu. We got what had to be THE smallest room there and with a courtyard view of paint cans, complete with early morning construction workers talking right outside our window. Our room was good but the sheets were dirty which disappointed us. But on this trip we got the worst room in the whole place. Room got cleaned late, bathroom was kind of small, and no view The staff went out of their way to accommodate my needs; including bringing in a fridge and coordinating multiple reservations. Some rooms have views of St. Louis or Royal Street. Pool is on the roof, small but view is awesome. Omni Royal Orleans offers 4-star accommodations in the heart of the vibrant French Quarter. My husband enjoyed his omelet though and the unlimited mimosas was great. This is the first time we have ever put on negative feed back on a hotel. It was in a perfect location, only blocks from Jackson square. Far enough away from the craziness of Bourbon street so the room is quiet. EVERY staff person was friendly and accommodating, it just made for a great day from beginning to end. Rooms were very small, but hey, it's an old and haunted hotel. The hotel is perfectly situated and although right in the heart of the French Quarter, it is quiet. It was in a great location and our balcony was awesome. Renee and Mary in the Rib Room provided excellent services and the Turn Down Service was so nice to come back to and the room cleanliness was great!
Most of all I appreciated the attentive and nice personal of the Modern Hotel. I would improved breakfast, because sometimes there weren't things and if I'm paying for a breakfast, there should be even the basic things like orange juice Only issue was the rooms did not have any air conditioning and we had to open the window at night which opened right on the busy road. Although the size of the bedroom was ok, it smelled bad from the first to the last day, and on the three days of staying, our sheets haven’t been changed even once. However, it had a distinct smell which made us feel dizzy, so that we had to change the air all the time. Nice hotel and nice place to stay ..People was kindly.. This smell was all the time in the room and was littlebit disturbing. Very bad customer services, dirty room, hot inside, very small. The price is normal and the hotel is worth it. Around the hotel you can find many restaurant chains, however we preferred eating elsewhere in paris. just the staff at the reception could be more courteous and friendly. The location is very good near the station of Metropoliten and bus stations Besides that the location of the hotel was great because there was easy excess to transport. very convenient location hotel very clean and comfortable  and with spacious bedroom  but not much natural light  in rear bedrooms,i would have prefferd a room with a view at the front of hotel, continental breakfast was sufficient  and  offers value for  money,  would stay again and can recommend staff friendly and helpful. The receptionist never gave us a receipt about our payment for the stay. A very friendly & helpful staff, Great Location, Clean rooms :) I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel, but equipping the rooms with a minibar will be a great deal. Location is great - close to city center and  transportation hubs. The bathroom was small, new and clean with a tub and a dryer. It is a friendly hotel in a nice neighbourhood of  Paris I was on vacation, so that's okay, but if I had to work it would have been a bit difficult. Had to have windows open all the time and that gave a lot of noise from the streets. Good hotel for a short stay in a central place for a good price. Aside from the complimentary breakfast, which includes juices, cereals and a baguettes the hotel is surrounded by top-rated cafes and restaurants for classic French cuisine and live music. - Friendly personnel - Very good located near Metro - Reception available 24 hours. So clean, very convevient location, excellent guys at the reception . This was an absolutely pleasant stay, we had no high expectations going in, especially with a 1 and half year old baby. Had what we needed for the time we were there. Will try to book The Modern for our next time in Paris. I was suprised by the cleaniness of the rooms and the perfect location to explore the city. You should not rent rooms 01 and 02 on the ground floor. PS: Don't ask for a minimum amount of characters and not show how many are missing, it's going to kill your reviews because the people will be frustrated and just ramble till they get it or even worse, close the window and never send you the data. With full windows and ensuite bathrooms basic travel necessities are provided such as, hairdryer, bath, shower, toiletries and television. The hotes is on stage of renovation, the rooms we stayed were on the 4th floor, brand new. Elevator made me nervous  Room was beautiful  Wished we could have warm breads at breakfast In addition when I poured the hot water, at first coffee came out, a bad indication of how well the thermos is cleaned daily... Not a big room nor a big bad but honest cost x benefit I recommend, it is located in an area from which you have easy access to visit the whole of Paris. It felt like we were the first people to ever stay in the room. Very good price / qualitys, excellent location, very friendly staff. A kettle in the room would have been very welcome. The quality/price ratio (rooms, location, service) is also at a high level. Hotel was clean, comfortable and Thomas on the front desk was very friendly and helpful. The hotel gave us a large room (room 506) that has a small kitchen-like area (came in handy when preparing baby food), the hotel gave us a baby crib as requested by phone, that gave our little one a good night of sleep. Tiny small rooms (bed and table) but very clean and location is perfect. But, If I visit Paris again, I will stay in this hotel regarding to the price and it's location. When I arrived I was offered a map of the city which was very useful, thanks for that. Perhaps the few problems with our stay came with child proofing of some of the windows, the (60cm) hight was too low for our jumpy baby. The area is perfect just the bulding is falling apart We stayed in there for 3 nights, when just arrived we didn't expect what we saw, they use a lot of photoshop on their pictures, is a small room, with a dirty carpet all along the room, not a whole illumination, a mini small shower that is covered in fongus in some areas ugh, you have to almost jump to get to the shower and everytime we use it, it was a mess cause a lot of water flow thru the door panels, I choose this hotel from another one thinking this was better cause it was a 100 more for the 3 nights, if you can stay away from here do it. The internet only worked for 50 percent of the time .being vegan I did not mark the restaurant a high score at all. The room was clean and fine as the bathroom too. There was mould in the shower, but I myself know how hard it is to get rid off it and I don't mind it if I live there only for a couple of days. Everything was great, exept the bathroom was a little bit cold. There were signs saying that if you ate or drank in the room you would be fined  250 euros , the elevator was tiny and can basically fit one person and luggage , also we had to pay a city tax for each day we stayed that was not mentioned online - on the plus side  Staff were friendly  the location was good , rooms were clean , the shower was good  and room was a fair size with windows that opened The rest of the bathroom was quite cramped, though - someone with long legs might not even be able to close the door while sitting on the toilet. Rooms would be better in a little bit wider and also adding English tv channels will be great in order to make people who speak English have the ability to watch TV. not too bad if you you wanna stay for a night or two. Bit noisy due to the bars around the corner but staff friendly and close to metro station and Montmartre. Court séjour mais très agréable  Chambre refaite à neuf et double vitrage  Emplacement idéal The neighborhood is not for children because Pigalle is the zone with sex shops and lap dance club, but is really quiet at night and there are a lot of nice restaurant and bar. It was the cleanest hotel we have stayed at in a long time, the room was very big, and the staff was very friendly. Only negative is hot in the nights with no air con. Only staff could be more pleasant and helpful + instable wifi connexion.... but overall great hotel Big concern is rooms need to have ceiling fans if not air conditioner. The other thing is that in the luggage room downstairs the floor is not in level with the rest of the hotel, it's like a full step lower, and with the really heavy door it is very dangerous, and I would highly recommend for them to put a sign to notify people of the extra step before anybody gets hurt. The room was clean and comfortable, and the hot water was so cool, but the Wi-Fi was a little slow. nice room clean and calm i spend 2 night in this hotel and i wich come next time This hotel is very good hotel such as price and location. It was a cozy hotel and both me and my friend liked it a lot and we will probably come back! There is 24-hour front desk service and public parking available nearby. Newly refurbished and spotless room on the 4th floor with a little balcony and a view on the corner of Boulevard Clichy. Because the rooms were very hot and the air quality was quite bad. People from the reception spoke english and they were friendly and easy to talk to. However there are 2 things that still need your attention. Would reccomend as very cheap  price for short stay. Nous avons passé un bon séjour,  merci à toute l'équipe. All is correct, the room is very good and very clean, the restaurant is medium. Most of all I liked that the shower and toilet are so clean. ) We we amazed at how much nicer it was then it looks on the internet. Just steps from the Place de Clichy train station, guests staying at Modern Montmartre can walk to Le Boucan, the Moulin Rouge, Opera and several department stores. The five floor hotel offers single, double and triple hotel rooms. A friendly clean hotel in a very good area in order to visit the major sites of Paris. After seeing the room I asked here for a better room. The breakfast was the same every day, jam, honey and butter with baguette or croissant, they should involve at least some cheese or salami or something because quite honestly a lot of us hates both jam and honey and may find eating buttered baguette for two weeks a bit of a bummer. I have already filled-in a feed back form-very annoying to receive several! Very pleasant hotel in a picturesque region with a beautiful structure for the ... The information provided with regard to taking a pre-authorisation charge from your account before you arrive is also not very clear. The most important one is the ventilation, aircondition or at least some sort of ventilation and a ceiling fan would make the hotel perfect. Great loaction, the rooms are brand new, were cleaned every day. From stuff in the hotel, room, breakfast, it was perfectly clean, have wifi in rooms. Smell of paint during early mornings when guests still sleeping. The size of the business offer the same essential needs that a big north american chain offers I ask you to give an explanation about the write-off of 5 euros from my account on July 9 at 16:19 after my departure. In the end, they catered to all our wishes and I'm very thankful for that! The Wifi needed a new password every night and it didn't always work. Perfect location(close to metro station, shops and restaurants) ,  nice and clean room. Breakfast: bread of bad quality (hard), I had to ask for plates, yogurts, etc, on the last day a different person prepared breakfast and put hot water in a thermos that had contained coffee, consequently my tea tasted like coffee, pretty disgusting. The location is perfect, near to everywhere and many restaurants open until late at night. Very good location but rehabilitation work has spoiled the impression The staff could have been more friendly, but I guess it's just part of the French mentality. First of all, no air conditioning which is misleading in the hotel room details! Helpful and friendly staff, excellent location with good connections to every direction. A Nice, clean and comfortable hotel with spacious rooms and good showering facilities. Goed gelegen en gemakkelijk bereikbaar hotel in een zijstraat,kamers zijn gerenoveerd .Ontbijt is zeer  simpel maar dat was ons op voorhand verteld.Je krijgt waarvoor je betaald .Vriendelijke bediening. Given that venue was being renovated at the time of our stay this caused some diffulty in moving about running into workers. Nice hotel, great location, friendly staff, close to the metro Breakfast could offer wider variaty for example eggs, cold cuts, cheese, tomato, cucumber etc. We didn't know they we're rebuilding it would've been nicer if they mentioned that, every morning we couldn't sleep in because of the noise Very heavy doors and very small elevator that r not suitable when moving luggage....no air conditioning...not hot tap water ...no refrigurator...limited breakfast choices The location was perfect for us, close to many landmarks and well connected to the rest of paris with transportation. This place is great, it's basic and the rooms are small and quite close quarters but it's clean, comfortable, the staff are very friendly and the location is excellent (5 min walk to Moulin Rouge, and the Montmarte area is so lovely, 2 min walk to nearest metro station) I would recommend this place if you just want a clean and comfortable and reasonable base in Paris. Modern Montmartre Hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast and an onsite bar and lounge. When we were staying, the hotel is under renovation, our room has been renovated and it is clean, all brand new except the mattress, it is very old, the middle of it was caved in. Tip: we found in our experience that inquiring about services or asking questions in the hotel front desk is best answered by the day shift rather than the night shift. Second thing, larger beds for double rooms, 180cm beds are a minimum in rooms like that. The room was fresh and the bathroom was very good I must say. Although your employee knew I had was a Booking-Genius cliente the offered my room 02. The hotel has major renovations going on which were quite disruptive as they were happening on the floor we were staying on. And the weather was cold but the radiator in the room was not working. Everything was really good, I appreciate the location near to metropolitan and bus station. I picked it because the location was near the Elysee Montmarte where we would be going to a concert, it was cheap, and was near a parking garage. Thank you for the best hotel experience we have had in a long time!! Maybe renovating the stairway and also the elevator could be useful. Only thing that wasn't so pleasant, was somekind of chemistry you use for cleaning the room. Stayed at this hotel om many occassions, room etc have geen redecorated, very nice, will definetly be stayibng there again. Apart from that, the shower was spaceous and clean enough. Located in the eighteenth arrondissement, Modern Montmartre is a budget hotel with direct access to the St Lazare train station, with complimentary breakfast and Wi-Fi. We also had to specifically ask the receptionist to free up the pre-payment money from our bank account that was meant to be freed up at the time when the whole payment is paid. Well located, next to Moulin Rouge and close to 2 metro stations, besides being in a 30’ walk to the Louvre The first night the night shift person in the check in should be more kind Need to fix ur showers,have it closed up so water doesn't run all over the bathroom fall....water was running all over the bathroom. great renewed hotel (2017) modern rooms, nice bed (little hard) breakfast little and poor but GREAT coffee!
Room very small but efficient use of small space hotel itself looks run down staff very helpful. this hotel is within walking distance of old town Key West, very convenient. we were able to use the bathroom in their front office which was helpful. Think the price is OK, should be owed to Key West in general. The architecture is comprised of five conch-style buildings, complete with open porches, a heated splash pool complete with a six foot waterfall in the courtyard. there was a hiccup of not having any water one of the days and the hotel was kind enough to refund us $50 for the inconvenience of not being able to shower or wash our hands in our room. Check in was good, location is great, furniture are very cheap and worn out. I had to take sleeping pills to be able to sleep through the night. Our room was good with a small balcony overlooking the pool, but others seemed cramped with minimum daylight. On the up side - location was good for us, front desk staff at check in was a very nice gentleman. The cleaning staff met minimum standards but kept us guessing on how many towels and washcloths that we would have for any one night. Albury Court Hotel is just an 11-minute walk from Key West Aquarium and a short distance away from the southernmost point of the United States. Excellent location near to port and Easy access to all sights of interest Room cleaned just ok. Breakfast and pool are just 2 ⭐️ ⭐️ Did not like crossing the busy street to get to my room from the office and breakfast. Location was perfect - close by to everything in the heart of Key West. if one is not familiar with Albury Ct Hotel, finding a place to park and register can be a challenge. nice size room typical continental breakfast plunge pool about 10-15 minute walk to Duval St. no on site parking Parking is on street and can be difficult to find. after unloading luggage, i suggest parking in the city garage 2 blocks away. Onlything I can complain about is we wish the vanity was a little bigger in the bathroom no place to really put things,but overall a great place The room was very clean but VERY SMALL.The continental breakfast area is so small it was near impossible to get to.We finally gave up & walked down to the bakery which was very good.A tall man could touch all 4 sides of the pool at once.Parking is very difficult as wel.Hotel is definitley overpriced,the only good thing is the closet....uhhh room,was clean & its a pleasant & easy walk to all Duvall St.has to offer. our room was modern and had a small refrigerator with eco friendly shower gel, shampoo and conditioner. There is no restaurant on-site, however a complimentary continental breakfast is available. The only inconvenience we had was finding a place nearby to park for the night. good hotel, within walking distance to Duval and lots of things, great to have a scooter to get around as it is pretty well located Great tea and water in the lobby.Sheets were rough other than that we definitely enjoyed our stay at this charming Key West hotel Concierge service is also available for guest convenience upon request. We are in our late 60s and like to walk so we walked to all the attractions. Take a few of the lounge chairs from the balconies during the day. The cost of this room did not justify the price, The room, however, was probably the smallest and least accommodating of the five places that we stayed on our trip to Florida and the Carolinas. Great location I loved walking everywhere close enough to duval! we were told by the front desk that we could pull up in front to unload our car before parking but we just parked about one block over (on fleming i think?) Close to restaurants and walkable to Duvall St. Would definitely stay here again! Add is misleading; pool is hot-tub size; room was very small and not that clean. Lazy front desk personnel !There was a female manager that I spoke to on the phone and she was rude ( no customer service). One day we rented bicycles to tour the cemetery and go to the two east and west forts with a stop at the beach. Shutters did not block the lights outside our windows all night, room smelled strongly like bleach but was clean! The location is very good - short walk to Mallory Square and Duval Street. Popular dining options nearby include Blue Heaven and The Cafe. Otherwise, there is a bakery that opens at 7 a.m. just a block down the street that does breakfast sandwiches and sweet rolls. Room was not made one day, i had to tidy it up myself in the evening upon my return from a tour day. they also let us keep our bag in the front office after checking out while we did the Dry Tortugas tour (which is conveniently only 2 short blocks behind this hotel!!!) Rooms have a simple, yet contemporary feel, and come standard with flat screen televisions, minifridges, coffee makers, a safe and free Wi-Fi. This is the ultimate traveler's destination to experience Old Town. There are so many better ones than this place . Could here upstairs guest but generally hotel was pretty quiet. Couple blocks to Duval St, but far enough away to avoid crowds and noise. We will return to this place every time - perfect accommodations, perfect location, & a very reasonable price @ like $140 a night. Had to park and pay at parking garage 2 blocks away Parking was easy to find and free and you can walk to everything. Place was great a little tight in the room but overall was good. Next time I will spend the extra $100 and stay at a resort or even another bread and breakfast! Since the Albury did not serve its Continental breakfast until 8:00, the inability to make a morning cup of coffee was frustrating. We heard another guest complain about the noise on the street side. Room was small, unfortunately ours was right on the street, heard traffic all night. The Albury was convenient and reasonably priced for Key West but lacking in other aspects. I enjoyed my stay.the room room was clean and nice,breakfast was on time and acceptable,coffee was good.The Hotel is close enough to walk to most attractions.Parking is tough to get but that's mostly the way it is everywhere in Key West,next time I'll fly to Key West,taxi to hotel and rent a bike,it's the best way to get around there period.Check in was easy and courteous.Hotel Staff were attentive and efficient. The Albury Court Hotel in Key West is a quaint, boutique style property located just 5 minutes from the harbor. Rooms are noisy one can hear chattering in the next room or people passing by on their way to their room Can't find any parking near hotel and got tickets for parking right next to hotel because they are not clear to tell they don't have any. It was walkable to many restaurants and entertainment, but beaches and some attractions required a car or the convenient Key West Duval Loop bus. Had a great time!breakfast was great, always hit the spot,walking distant to everything! Be aware that we had jewelry taken from the room from the safe!!!!!!! Fun location close to Duval St. with restaurants and shops within a block or two. Room was okay and location was good for the pier area. We were able to return to a comfortable, clean room daily and really enjoyed the grounds. Breakfast was cheesy and one member of the staff was discourteous at that time. The rooms aren't well insulated so the noise of Eaton Street was very disruptive to sleep. Our room was in a great location, A28, overlooking the pool. The outdoor pool is open all year long, as is the beautifully constructed sun deck. The room was smaller, but we are not in Key West to stay in our room! this was one of the cheapest options i could find on key west that also was not a major chain hotel. The biggest inconvenience, though, was the lack of the advertized tea and coffee facilties and AM/FM clock radio, givens at rooms one-third the price. Our room was cleaned everyday with fresh towels, better service than some big name hotels we've stayed in! A nice hotel located close to bars, restaurants and shops. Very nice breakfast, small room, noisy AC, tiny pool, close to town made walking and bikeing easy, parking on only side roads made loading and unloading difficult. It was a very pleasant stay and the rooms felt more like home or a friend's house than a hotel. We were able to walk or ride our bikes to everything. the front desk also gives a map of where to park so that you dont park in a residential spot (although these are marked on the street inside the spot). We liked the room and the bed with so many pillows. we live in brooklyn, ny so looking for a spot and then parallel parking was not a big deal to us, but it may be to others. Location is important,  the Albury is a perfect distance from the madness if Duval! Great breakfast in the morning, very pleasant and knowledgeable staff. The continental breakfast had enough variety that everyone could find something to eat.
My room was okay except I did not enjoy the tv channels. Conveniences comprise a 24-hour reception, Wi-Fi access, free parking, lifts, a beauty salon and conference rooms. There’s also a tea lounge, room service and a poolside bar that serves hot drinks and juices. The room overlooking the pool was decent in size and comfortable. Good experience overall, although you need a cab for pretty much everything. Communal leisure facilities include a sauna, steam room, gym, children’s play area and sun terrace. Reception staff were rude and not friendly and furniture broken in the room A freshly prepared breakfast is available and the hotel restaurant serves traditional local dishes. Good sized room, shuttle bus and lots of taxis at the hotel. The location of th hotel is good with very spacious parking. Mogador Kasbah is roughly four kilometres from the Jemaa el-Fna marketplace, which sits within the city’s World Heritage Site core. She described this hotel as a great value for its cost. Highlights include an outdoor swimming pool, an ornately decorated lobby and a complimentary scheduled shuttle bus to downtown. She recommends that people should look into considering this hotel for their stay on their next Marrakesh trip. Her one week stay was eventless and incident free and the hotel amenities were adequate. A modern resort hotel in beautiful Marrakech, Mogador Kasbah offers upscale accommodation in the shadow of the often snow-capped Atlas Mountains. Approximately five kilometres away, shopaholics can experience the Semmarine Souk. it was great good for famillie  ,everything was good don't listen to other small details  complainers ,it was clean good good I mean breakfast ,nice swimming pool
Room was clean but towels and beddings are so old and i got itchy. Both room types include a toilet, satellite TV, telephone, hair dryer and safe. We're able to change room on arrival as needed a twin room for no extra cost. And room was so noisy even i'm hearing the people talking in my next room. Convenient location, friendly staff, rooms need some restoration, however enough comfort for the price. Very easy to get from gare du nord to Rome metro station. The facilities were very basic and the furniture was old but given the price we were paying for Paris and it's general reviews/star rating we were not surprised. The Rome metro stop on line 2 only a few metres from the front door, and there is a metro stop for line 13 in Place Clichy. The Cabourg offers two room types, one with a bath, the other with a shower. Founded in 1978, the Hotel de Cabourg is a 2 start hotel located on Rue du Mont-Dore in the 17th Arrondissement in Paris. Breakfast costs €5 and is taken in the dining room. Being relatively close to the centre of Paris, the hotel is close to some of Paris' most popular attractions such as the Galeries Lafayette, the Moulin Rouge, Parc Monceau, the Champs Élysées and the Sacré Coeur. Unless you want luxury this is a reasonable place especially if you only want a place for overnight stay. Able to accommodate keeping our bags after we'd checked out instead of dragging them round. The Hotel was situated in easy reach of the Metro, Close to Restaurants and Coffee houses. The Hotel Cabourg is situated close to Place Clichy, and only metres away from the Boulevarde des Batignolles. The cheaper room option is available as a single, double or twin, and the room with a bath is available as a single, double or triple room. The staff were extremely friendly always happy and could speak good enough English.
I know the price was low for London but I expected more than instant coffee and toast for breakfast, more than a flimsy tiny single bed. London hotels typically have small rooms and this was no exception however it was clean and everything worked. Walking distance to stores and shopping centers including parks and local stations. The hotel was in a good location for Central London, the staff were friendly and the luggage room was really useful on the days we arrived and left! Very good for the value and in a great location Free tea and coffee in the rooms + a few places to charge your phone. Only in the area for one night, I needed a value, well-located place to stay and found that at the Wedgewood. Beds were terrible lights and toilet were not functioning or broken  breakfast was minimal and overcrowded room was Very small. They went the extra mile to get room ready as I arrived earlier than check in time. All furniture was dated, the place needs a desperate lick of paint (though that's only the tip of the iceberg), beds need new mattresses, and it was certainly an experience to open wardrobe doors to find a bathroom. I don't blame the staff, they were good, but whoever runs the hotel ought to update it throughout and give it the potential it could have to make it fit for purpose. The location for the hotel is great.Would definitely recommend to any budget travellers. It is in close proximity to some of London’s major attractions. Transportation including red buses and tubes are within walking distance from the hotel. Bathroom is so tiny, room is so small you can barely move around...but the hotel location is close to everything which is very convenient.. close to Bayswater train station... Other nearby attractions include Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace, and Notting Hill. Rooms feature a TV, telephone, coffee and tea making facilities, and an en-suite bathroom with a shower or bath and toilet. This hotel offers 24-hour reception, multilingual staff members, taxi service and assistance in booking guided tours of London. Shower was barely warm in the am but scalding midday. location is  very important we're ever you go, the hotel is in the heart of the city ,you can go were ever you want  in the city & you wouldn't have any problem to get transport 24/7  less than 5 minutes from dorchester hotel & 2 minute walks to hyde park The Wedgewood Hotel is a small hotel located in a traditional garden square in Bayswater. Free WiFi and Breakfast, daily linen change and elevator on site. The room however was a bit run down, fairly clean but no plug in the sink, the shower was rather old and the mattress was a bit uncomfortable as the springs were well worn! For £75 a night it was OK but would probably pay more for a better condition hotel next time. The Wedgewood Hotel does not have restaurants on the property. Was impressed by the cleanliness of the rooms and hotel in general. The location is good, close to shops and 2 tube stations as well as Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park.
The room was spacious, but I was a little disappointed that there was a fridge but no microwave. The staff were super awesome and just hope they do something about their showers. Rooms a little old so you could hear a lot through the walls from other rooms. They let you park your car in their lot without extra charge and you can walk to Disneyland in a jiffy. The hot and cold water were reversed in the shower, but once we figured that out...it was easy to use. I have never had better or kinder service at a hotel. If you want to be close to Disneyland pay the extra $40 and stay somewhere nicer. I was very skeptical booking this hotel, but we were in a bind since we are traveling with the pet last minute luckily everything turned out fine. If you want good, not great...this is the place for you. I was out of the room before 11am each day, yet my last 2 days the maid service said that I had the Do Not Disturb out, which was not the case, and didn't clean the room. Crap, bugs in rooms... not worth a penny wouldn't go back if you paid me! The only issue we had this time around was that our room, unlike every other room we have had here, did not have light blocking curtains. If you look though they just painted over a bunch of old stuff. The hotel has a nice overall remodel that was done. They've done a lot of work to the lobby/exterior but even the remodeled rooms are just okay. Bathroom floor was a bit dirty, but you get what you paid for. It's an easy walk to the Disney parks, even for our 7- and 5-year-old kids who were exhausted at the end of each day. Guests enjoy simple rooms with TV, fridge, and coffee maker. my family and I  enjoyed this hotel very much , the best part is the pizza joint connected to the hotel. The curtains were old and the bed was a little springy. The Anaheim Plaza Hotel is spread out among acres of stunning scenery. parking fee is not for 24hrs, only till check out. But I wouldn’t recommend it to friends that have smal children. Nor does it work if you hit one of the programmed buttons for room service, the front desk, or emergency services. I really do miss the breakfast buffet they used to have in the morning!! the pizza place downstairs is nothing short of phenomenal though well worth 10$. This is by far the absolute worst hotel that I have ever stayed at, and it was more expensive than the other hotels in the area. Parking is easy and there's lots available, front desk staff was kind and helpful. Even saying no thank you they still would still try and try to get us to sign up. The next day we left the sliding glass door to the balcony opened all day and slightly at night. Guess they heard me when i said rooms needed usb power strips! The front desk said they would send someone right over. I hope that they sort it out because that was only thing that we could really fault at this budget priced hotel. Walking distance to California adventure and many shops and restaurants, needs facility excellent pool delicious pizza at the pizza press. It was an odd room with two King beds, but we needed a room and it had a decent rate. Water temperature kept going from hot to cold without me changing it in the shower. I have stayed in most all hotels across the street from Disneyland. Overall the condition is decent and it’s in walking distance to Disney which is good. I spend about 20 days here a hear as a Disneyland Annual pass holder. I was very happy that the hotel had a fitness center and laundry room. However the hot water system seems to have a major problem, it cannot maintain a constant temperature, from warm to ice cold, back to warm then to hot. The pluses:  1)  The staff was very attentive and friendly. Sabrina and Joseph in the lounge extra friendly and pleasant. Recently upgraded, although still has a 70's vibe which we loved! The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of Disneyland. Over Priced!Room Look Nice but the Hotel had a very old smell to it. It was a great get away  It was nice to be able to walk to dl As soon as we walked into our room, I could sense  strong chemical smell. It took me 10 minutes to figure out how the phone works, as it doesn't just work when you pick up the receiver. The room was disgusting there were dead bugs on the bathroom counter, the sink would clog up, carpet was filthy had dried up ramen noodles either from a spill or from vomit the bedding was good. I think if they see a couple is staying at their hotel, they would put them on the top floor. If you have an emergency, and don't know this, the results could be dire. For a bargain hotel this place is it......granted it is not the resort hotels....but love its location and price. I can see the changes they are making and they are for the better. Close to Disneland but room was not so great , air conditioner didn’t work to well, shower head was short, my son who is 5-9 and to crouch down to wash hair, grout in bathroom was looking dirty and peeling, wouldn’t ever stay here again, staff were supper though ! We waited up even though we were tired after the flight and they never came. Yes, the hotel is a little outdated in the room department but the beds were comfortable the pillows were comfortable the room it’s self with clean. Our room had a awesome patio and the bar tender made amazing drinks!! Super helpful, friendly staff, and so close to many amenities, number one being Disneyland. The staff and service were excellent, the room, however was frustrating. Hotel is always clean, great size and I just love the walk out balcony. The room didn’t look anything like the pictures displayed online, but was ok. Also, the shower never got hot ... just warm, and we had to space out our showers to wait for the water to get hot again. You can’t even tiptoe to the bathroom at night without announcing your movements to everyone. I was called when security noticed that I had left the dome light on in our car. The beds are pretty comfortable and there's a fridge in each room. Unfortunately, they put us right under a very loud family with kids. I recommend it every time, close walk to the parks. The shower leaked all over the floor, so I had a flood of soaked towels after the 2 days of no cleaning. The water pressure was very low and the water heat was not consistent. Located a short distance from Disneyland Resort , the Anaheim Plaza Hotel is 1 mile from Interstate-5 and three blocks from the city's convention center. This accommodation is also known as Anaheim Plaza, Anaheim Plaza Anaheim, Anaheim Plaza Hotel, and Anaheim Plaza Hotel Anaheim. The bathrooms are the least impressive and can definitely still use some work. We did not know this when we booked this is new. The hotel was recently updated, and the beds and pillows were nice. He was great however the front desk  Clerk was not so friendly. They did an upgrade to a very old room, new carpet, shower head, and beds, but the plumbing backed up on us, and the heater didn't work so we were very cold in the room all 4 nights. We got asked every time walking threw to get to our room or leaving to go to Disneyland about 3-4 times a day. Only part that annoyed me was every time we walked through the lobby there were Representatives trying to get us to go to a hour and a half long sales pitch at one of there other hotels we were there for 5 days and got asked every single time we walked through. Prepare yourself the queen beds are actually the size of double beds, i measured. We've stayed at this property a handful of times and it has become our go-to disneyland hotel. It is my families favorite  its close to Disneyland lots of restaurants nearby But I must say the rooms do have a musty smell :/. The shower was not good at all, the water was either too hot or too cold, could never set it right. And there were bugs coming out from the wall behind the shower faucet, which was also broken. Since he’s the first person  you coming contact with he should learn to be friendlier . Maintenance came and fixed the toilet right away, and did something to the heater...but it still didn't work. There was a bill on our door the day we left! This meant no naps in the afternoon for our preschooler. The wiring was faulty, either non-working outlets, or old outlets where the cords would just fall right out. The only thing that was kind of annoying was walking threw the lobby people always asked if we wanted to sign up for Stuff ( “free” dining )   . The toilet roll holder was falling off the wall, and wouldn't hold the paper roll. Probably needs some renovation as the tiles were crooked and there were obviously signs of repair such as dried drywall mud exposed in the bathroom, the floor in the bathroom had two different kinds of tile, and the floor in the shower itself was raised to two different levels. We like this hotel because it is close to Disney and we can walk, which used to be great so we didn’t have to pay for parking, but now the hotel charges for parking. The room that we stayed in while far from new or modern, was clean and neat. The big plus about this hotel was that it was a short walk to Disney, the Convention Center, and to the new Anaheim Garden Walk area that is still being occupied. No breakfast buffet   Well there are many good options available around, it’s not worth paying such money. Came back from being at disney all day....toilet wasn't flushing. The hotel staff were very friendly and the pizza press restaurant located in the lobby was pretty good too. You have to click the ON button, which is a black button with dark grey printing, before the phone works. If you’re on a budget this isn’t too bad of an option. The pool and hot tub were excellent, and The Pizza Press restaurant connected to the hotel had an amazing beer selection and really tasty pizza. The facilitys and rooms are clean, and the employees are friendly. We have stayed here for years because we are season pass holders and never paid to park I am 6’1” and my feet hung off the beds. Service was great, the room was very clean and not very noisy, and the location was very close to Disneyland. The plumbing left us with little to no hot water and at times sputtered out spraying everywhere in the sink. However, this is always my go to hotel for Disneyland for price and convenience! The ac blew warm air...and had black dust/mold in it. It was so strong that l could not sleep the first night. The good side is that is a short walk from resort. This hotel is going through a refurb and I guess we got an old room. Rooms were very nice but beds seemed small for a queen size. It got to the point we avoided the lobby as often as possible. Overall it was a good stay, just hope they get water issues fixed. The room was clean and it is close to the park The location is what sold me on booking this hotel. Very thin walls we can hear people walking by arguing throughout the night. This hotel was far better than I was expecting for the price we payed. Some rooms have a patio, a microwave is available upon request, and Wi-Fi is accessible via a surchage. We were able to check or bags in early and go over to Disneyland for a few hours until our room was ready at 4pm. The curtains are so thin that at 6:50 every morning I was greeted with blinding brightness filling the entire room. Our stay was overall good, the bathroom could be a tiny bit cleaner. Our bathroom was tiny and we couldn't keep the shower water temperature to stay at a comfortable degree. The location could not have been more perfect, it’s right across the street from Disneyland and around the corner from the Anaheim garden walk shopping/dining center. Quality affordable accommodation within easy walk of the Disneyland parks and nearby shops. They charge for parking rate of $12+ tax for every night. They will charge you more if you leave your vehicle while at Disneyland. Clean, comfortable and within walking distance to Disneyland and numerous restaurants and shops. A lot of the nicer hotels in the area do not allow pets. The hotel grounds are immaculate it gives a very old Hollywood vibe. I thought i was accidentally put into a double bed room, and after addressing the staff they said that that was their queen beds. The rooms have that old closet smell and just about any noise is extremely loud. And id also specify to not have an eastern facing room. I like the big swimming pool and area to suntan. Noisy bathroom fan, closet doors of track, entry door sticks. If you like that old, musky, grandpa smell, this is the place for you. It was good, but service was slow and it really wasn't a breakfast restaurant...just a pizza parlor that served breakfast in the morning. 3)  The restaurant and lobby were nicely updated, and while we didn't have dinner we did eat breakfast in the morning. Got the hotel due to it’s close Proximity to Disneyland. The door frame looked like someone had kicked it in. If you like being unable to find hot water in the shower, this is cold water heaven. They are in the process of updating rooms and we stayed iin one. We ended up staying at this hotel because they are dog friendly.A lot of the nicer hotels in the area do not allow pets. Guests can take pleasure in dining at a bar and grill and Mexican restaurant located on the premises. 2)  We had early check-in...very early, and that was an unexpected surprise. The hotel offers guests an atmosphere of both excitement and relaxation. The hotel provides an outdoor swimming pool, game room, and business center. We didn’t need a shuttle to the park, Disney front gate was in walking distance.
I was happy to check in, he offered tea or coffee. All guest rooms feature a hair dryer, TV and Wi-Fi access. They offer guests tea and coffee making facilities onsite and pubs and restaurants are within a 10-20 minute walk. Dated and bathroom was worn but was cheapest and that suited me. Bed extremely uncomfortable,Bathroom cold and dirty with tiles of the wall and mould growing all around no plug in basin,and an open hole in the wall where a vent use to be. Manager Jeff was waiting for when I arrived at night. Revive Lodge is an economical B&B for travellers to or from Heathrow Airport since it's about 2 miles away. Revive Lodge is a 10-minute walk or less to the 24-hour bus stop for the airport or Feltham Train Station that takes guests into central London. But someone need to stay just for a night  might be alright. Not one for for the girls  Manager was very helpful and obliging. The hotel provides 24-hour reception when needed, central heating, fax machine, ironing set, shampoo, tour information and wake-up service. The room choices include single rooms, twin rooms or double ensuite rooms.
There aren't many spaces, but I managed to get a space. The room was very small and uncomfortable and the walls were so thin you could hear the snoring from the next room. Rooms are quite basic, small and a bit outdated but there is everything you need. Unfortunately my bedroom had an extremely musty smell and I think maybe someone had been smoking in it. There are loads of places nearby to eat, and the guest information pack in the room was very handy at pointing out some of these places. The hotel itself was clean but in need of some updating and tlc. The toilet flush not very  good its slow, there was a nasty smell coming from shower plughole so didnt bother using it. Roseview Alexandra Palace offers Victorian accommodations in Muswell Hill and Haringey, with the famous Alexandra Palace only a 12-minute walk away. ; coffee & tea facilities; clean towels.. but there was also a fan plus an air conditioning unit supplied too. Overall an enjoyable stay, I would stay here again, and recommend to friends. I only had time for breakfast on one of the days, but it was ok, a few different options available on the buffet table, and met the usual expectations. This hotel is located in Muswell Hill and not Alexandra Palace, which is a bonus as the shops and restautants etc are all in Muswell Hill. In reality there were only a couple of very small spaces which were all taken. Hotel did show signs of age, but it was clean, staff were friendly and helpful, and for the price we paid, very reasonable Buses run regularly down to there, and take between 35 and 55 minutes depending on the time of day, so easy enough. And couldn't get breakfast even though it wasn't end of service! The bathroom, whilst very small, was nice and clean and the water pressure in the shower was great. Old school hotel with friendly staff, cooked breakfast and comfortable rooms. Lovely hotel, in good condition it was a pleasure to stay there and I would recommend it to others. The bed was so hard and the pillows and duvet were of very poor quality. All clean and tidy which was nice but shower and tv very temperamental! The staff do try to accommodate on that end.... recommendation will depend on the people I am speaking to... I did mention to reception as I was leaving, but he just said that I had to leave the tap on. the only thing we puffed at was the stairs all  the way up to the garret. The shower was useless there was more water coming out of the pipe than the head and it was just run down. We found a space 15 mins down the road but felt the description was very misleading. The check in was painless, and the staff were great. Good hotel , shower box in room , went to watch a concert nearby , breakfast was good. A very small downside would be that the walls are very thin, I could hear the people next door snoring, again only a small issue but overall I enjoyed my stay and would return again. Understandably a bit of noise(with being in laaaandan)  We were in a three bed room and it was adequate. When you went to the rooms it was very tired and cluttered and in serious need for a refurbishment. I could not even stand up in the room, it was a rooftop room with small space and lots of stairs to reach the room There was no hot water for the shower - and I left the tap running for some time (10 minutes) but no water came out of the hot tap. The breakfast was really good too, with a wide range of hot and cold foods on offer. This is one place I would never stay again as it’s horrendous. We stayed after a concert at Alexandra Palace and it was very convenient for the venue. My room was quite small, and the furniture was a bit aged, but I had everything I needed, and was happy with the room. There were some other amenities as well; A decent Iron, an ironing board, a hairdryer, a fan, and an additional blanket. Most modern rooms feature a flat screen TV with a DVD player, while coffee and tea making facilities, a clothing iron and hair dryer come standard. There are many dining options nearby including Carluccio’s, Pizza Express, O’Neills, Giraffe and Costa Coffee. I did not call the management at this point but had to rush on to the Fair so did not have time to wait further. The 3rd floor rooms require helmets to be issued - do not know how many times I banged my head on the ceiling (sloped for the roof - half the room is good for standing - the rest not so much, a lot of crouching). wifi didnt work unless you were in reception and only 2 parking spots for the whole hotel I was working in Islington and needed an affordable hotel that wasn't too far away and had parking. Bed clean and comfortable enough pillows are a little too firm .Bathroom needs attention. The reception was easy and the man was polite and helpful. For convenience, the hotel offers 24-hour reception, concierge services, luggage storage and complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby. We booked this hotel as it was described as having free parking. Coffee and tea making facilities were more than ample, and there was also a small fridge which was a nice touch. Breakfast nice could do with some more choices on cooked meat but overall good. Sports fans will appreciate being only a few minutes from the Arsenal Emirates Stadium and the Wembley Stadium. We were assigned a room on the 3rd floor, with no lift available. The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, onsite parking, and a daily breakfast buffet. It was clean and there was hot water so no complaints. This was a tough haul for two 65+ hauling two large bags plus 4 smaller bags. Booked a family room to attend a function at Alexander Palace, ideally located for walking to and from the venue, even very late at night. Where they’d bodged up paining in the past there was paint on the TV cable where it hadn’t been removed and also they’d painted round pictures. Very clean room with a fantastic set-up for the customer. Clean, nice staff, and great location, I went to a gig at Alexandra Palace and this was about a 10 minute walk from the venue. The rooms are clean, breakfast is fabulous; parking - well good luck! Nice people, very clean room, with very up-to-date nice bathroom. This is an older style hotel that is clean, comfortable and close to shops and transport. Roseview Alexandra Palace is located within three miles of the Kenwood House, Highgate Ponds, Finsbury Park, and only 25 minutes from the London city centre. The hotel is comfortable and very handy for a cheap and cheerful one night b&b. Staff should have seen us struggling but denied it, offered to help with checkout but seemed too much hassle (again they should have known and apologized after the fact). Brilliant everyone was really lovely, great location for Alexandra Palace. It claimed to have free parking but space was extremely limited and full by the time that I arrived at 8.30 pm. Hotel was very good for the price, as was the breakfast. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful and available 24hrs. Lots of stairs to climb, but it's an old building. Nice that there was WiFi, but the speed was pretty abysmal, good enough for just checking emails, but no use for streaming. There was a fan provided though and a mini fridge. On having breakfast in the morning I went down at 09:10 as it finishes at 09:30 I finally got seen by a waitress at 09:30 even though there was only 5 people in the Breakfast lounge and I asked for the full English which was replied rudely with no it’s closed, on a upside though another waitress heard and offered to cook me a couple of eggs of which I replied it’s not necessary but thankyou. Hotel was accommodating and ideal for our short stay needs Which considering the weather was hot & humid was very welcome. Breakfast a little better than the continental I was expecting.
while Riva Restaurant offers guests a classic American cuisine for both breakfast and lunch. The room had a chemical smell to it and we didnt put it together until we saw a roach in our room on the last day. The staff would deliver and set them up wherever you liked. We enjoyed the pool, the beach, and the city were we enjoyed several great meals. The yogurt shop on the property ran out of yogurt on Sunday and told us they would have more again until Wednesday....Valet service was to busy to call cabs for you... overall, worst experience at a hotel, especially for the price. The expense of staying here detracts from the experience it could have been. My room was sprayed for roaches before we got there and no one told us. Excellent location, very friendly staff, my second time visiting this location with my 25 and 23 year old daughters . If you didn't want to walk to the beach bar, they had what I called, The Adult Ice Cream Truck. I don’t feel like I got $60 worth of benefits from that. We have been staying at the Harbor Beach resort for over 20 years and no matter what changes or us updates, it remains a wonderful place to vacation. There's a $30 day service charge but it included chairs/umbrellas on their beautiful beach. Get up early to secure pool chairs or you'll be disappointed. Never got a mini fridge because you have to request those... so I took one from the hall that was left from cleaning out a room. Over all an awesome place to stay and I look forward to my next visit Bathroom was dirty and had this sharp point on the floor that I called about and nothjbg done. I had read about this in other reviews and thought it an overreaction, but $14 for a bar drink is crazy. The hotel is right on the beach which is a plus, the beah bathrooms, sea side restaurante are 3 stars, staff are excellent. Love the outdoor pool, hot tubs are incredible, non-water sports kept them busy when they didn’t feel like swimming. Also, on the beach and around the pool area, were various free outdoor activities, that entertained young and old alike. The hotel also has good restaurants & is close to shopping. We switched rooms twice, during our 10 day, extremely expensive family vacation with our children, first room, we opened windows and were looking at a brick wall, no one wanted to help us find a different room, the gentleman that brought our luggage up seemed to be the only person at the hotel that cared about our experience, then we found the cockroaches in room two on two separate occasions. Killed a cockroach and called front desk about it.. the guys were never full cleaned up. Perhaps a review of utilization of space up and around the oool area could free more space and reduce crowding. In the mornings, look for all the sea turtle tracks and talk to the very nice turtle preservation folks riding around on 4-wheelers, marking and tracking the nests. My only complaint would be that the drink prices are absolutely ridiculous. We have been there many times through past 10 years & will continue to stay there. Kids can go play while you spend the day at the spa. Great time ..lots of Kids and families dinner at 3030 was excellent We had to keep following up with the front desk... the did not seem concerned, we requested to speak to the manager, three times over our trip and not a single phone call, we are home now and still no follow-up. Housekeeping did not clean the room after a couple of calls however I was provided a fridge for leftovers I had at the restaurant and was allowed to have them reheat the food the next day which was great. For our fifth anniversary, we decided to go back to the Marriott Harbor Beach. The number of times I had to listen to others complain about the same things was ridiculous. Very nice location - it was great to take a quick break and walk along the ocean between sessions. Great hotel however booked on Expedia and given a room far the elevators. I was at the hotel over two nights for a work conference. Overall, my stay here was nothing, but a pleasure and I would definitely stay here again. I know its Florida and roaches can be an issue but they should have told us before giving us a room with freshly sprayed chemicals in it. For breakfast one morning our waiter never showed and we had to get a manager after sitting at the table for 30 minutes... we gave up on the hotel restaurants and left the property to eat every time. Note: there are no life guards at pool or beach. A concerted effort has been made on hotel WiFi to block Uber access... Concierge service was not helpful directing us to shuttle service because they were not directly associated with the hotel. Motorized water sports were also available, but for a fee. Harbor Beach Marriott is such a beautiful place to stay. By the end of the week, we gave up caring and spent as much time away from the property as possible. The price paid for staying plus food is exaggerated for what you get. When we requested bedding for the sofa bed it was again, understaffed overbooked with no timeframe for arrival... this was the theme for the entire week... we tried to get chairs by the pool but they were all taken by 8 am everyday so many times we out our stuff on the grass so we could go to the pool. The room was not cleaned properly, one day we had to call 3 times to get the room cleaned, they came by 6 pm when we were having a shower, we had to rush because the cleaning service ended at 7. I did not like the poolside DJ playing rap 1/2 the day. The hotel had a guitarist playing and singing in the afternoons at the pool. Really nothing bad to say, but there was also nothing  really special or memorable about the stay Featuring private balconies and ocean views, each room boasts luxurious amenities such as a marble bathroom, in-room safe and tea and coffee making facilities. There is also an on-site fitness center and parking available, while a concierge desk helps guests with planning their stay. Everything is at your fingertips and top of the line! Food and drinks were a little pricey and the distance to the hotspots (elbo room)  is a bit too far to walk. Situated near the airport on a waterfront location, Marriott Fort Lauderdale Harbor Beach Resort & Spa offers guests a 16-acre private beach and a 22000-square-foot spa. Nothing was explained to me about the resort at check in. Thankfully Uber is very popular in this area so we just made a quick trip to stock the room for the week - problem solved. The resort is family friendly and though expensive, you get what you pay for. Marriott Fort Lauderdale Harbor Beach Resort & Spa features the Tropical Lagoon outdoor pool and whirlpool for guests enjoyment. The one draw back was the selection of places to eat. Waitress service at my beach lounge and more variety of in site entertainment. For the money you pay all rooms should have a balcony. If you have a rental or just a car it’s 35 bucks a day. I actually doubt that anyone every told the manager of any of our problems, our entire family of 16 has gone there for 10 years, this was our first year joining them there and will be our last. The hotel is beach front and has a very nice heated pool. Got extra towels so we did not have to walk on the floor. I would have like to have a balcony to creat a better stay. Kids zone was an up charge but our 6-year-old daughter loved it. They ran out of towels by the pool daily...   Food was terrible at all restaurants and overpriced... wait staff and service was slow or non-existent. Did not have much time to enjoy the scenery or the neighboring restaurants, clubs, etc. Las Olas Boulevard is just 2 miles away from this hotel, while there are many different boat tours in the nearby area. Only negative was food--wasn't made with quality ingredients or expertly prepared. This Marriott is one of the finest choices one can make. But I guess the girl giving us a comp breakfast for four people (we had 5) was supposed to make us happy. So, not sure what the 30 dollar hotel charge was for a day. We arrived at the hotel very early after leaving a cruise ship and were able to check into a room and head to the pool. I cannot wait to come back and was so sad leaving! The room was really set up well--enough room for the four of us even though we didn't splurge for a higher room class. Food was amazing, and resort was absolutely stunning I would go back definitely! Booked and prepaid an oceanfront room  2 months in advance. Despite some beautification projects that were underway, the hotel facilities, staff, etc. 3030 Ocean Restaurant is located on-site and features a range of seafood dishes for dinner. hotel offer room refrigerator for 25$,, but it takes 4 days to get one. The view from my room was uninspiring - I'm sure it is impressive on the ocean front side. Amazing place and all the staff was so friendly, private beach area and so much to do Great beach access, clean facilities , beautiful pool and grounds, good service at the restaurants and tiki bar. Unexpected fun thing to do, for us:  Museum of Discovery and Science offers a Sea Turtle evening class (at the museum) followed by a beach hike for turtles that took place at this hotel. Great facilities but restaurants were overpriced, crowded, bland and pricey. Our room was never cleaned, very expensive drinks- $14 each, fire pit did not work, food was very good but no catch of the day at upscale casual restaurants. When the water ran out outside by the pool and I asked an orange shirt staff member about it she told me she would get to it when she got it.. ummm what?!?! We did not have a place to change, could not get assistance by the pool or beach.... Never got the extra blanket for our child we requested. I found the grounds to be well maintained and my guest room clean. There was no soap, we had to go an find it. Guests were not crammed together and there was no shortage of loungers or umbrellas. Adult beverages, including frozen, were delivered and made for you on the beach. Nice being right on the beach instead of across the street like many other Fort Lauderdale hotels. This hotel was a never go back to.... when we arrived after check in hours our room was not ready because they were overbooked and understaffed with no idea of when the room would be ready. Didn't have to leave the resort, great place to relax! Will never go back again as it was a week of poor service, bad food and just the hotel wishing to book completely and not care about the guests. Only thing they need to address is crowding if pool lounges by the pool.
Hotel staff was very understanding after our airline was delayed and missed our connecting flight into Las Vegas. Staff were extremely indifferent, dismissal and at times  basically Rude; the Staff need to be made aware that They are there to Serve Us the paying Vacationers , especially when so many other Hotels and Casinos are available, dissatisfied Vacationers can easily  go were they are more appreciated . We had originally thought about staying at the Bellagio but found the MGM better value for money. *The iron didn't work (hence leaving the pants in the closet) *The bathroom sink was clogged the first day. No discounts on hotel facilities or shows for hotel guests which we found surprising. It was at the end of a dead end hallway. Got in after a long flight no hot water for a shower. A resort as the MGM should live up to its brand, this should not happen. Hotel has a lot to offer in restaurants shops and gambling. The Wolfgand Puck cafe is great value for money along with Starbucks. The many of the casino dealers and hostesses are not friendly. I have stayed here before and it was great, What Happened? They claim the restaurants are non-smoking but there are no walls preventing the casino from the restaurants so we decided to eat our meals elsewhere. We had fun at the pool, good for kids and adults. I suppose it’s vegas..all they do is try and take every penny you have..Water pressure was terrible the second day I was there..for the most part I can roll with things..it’s a resort..they should have their things together in one way shape or form..I’m also saying this from someone who had stayed in Vegas 6 times previous..stsy somewhere esle..not worth it..buffet is terrible and the rooms are mediocre at best: *The also said they would send me an itemized receipt with all my room charges which they did not. But I want to specifically point out the customer service we received. Highway road side Motels are much better than this room. We do visit frequently and try to find places that we haven't been to just to make new memories. Tried to Contact hotel no one has yet to respond. We have stayed at a lot of MGM resorts but never this one. The only other oddity is if all doors are open, from the toilet you can see along the hotel corridor. Crib they provided was metal and very squeaky every time our kid moved. MGM Grand also offers guests a lazy river and fitness centre on site. Room doors handles gave static electric shock to me and my kids many times. The accommodation puts guests a three-minute stroll from M&M's World. It was OK way too big but I could be in the wrong town We were told the water would be on again by morning, and they would deduct $39 from our bill. Resort fees are a rip-off, housekeeping didn't replace used toiletry items daily, smoke wafts into the non-smoking floors/rooms, casino absolutely reeks of smoke (it should be non-smoking! We asked 4 staff members, with he first 3 sending us in the wrong direction and the last finally getting us to the right spot. Bring good walking shoes (nothing is as close as it looks) and Enjoy! We truly loved how they made sure we were comfortable and answered all of our questions. When I got home I called and they admitted the error and reimbursed me the next business day. The business centre and three hot tubs are an added bonus. I happened to be changing when he stopped in my window! The hotel's location is its best feature - being right on the strip allowed us to easily walk everywhere we needed to without needing to use any other form of transport. We absolutely loved it - spotlessly clean, friendly & helpful staff and everything you could possibly want available inside the hotel. The concierge team are fantastic and booked us tables at some amazing restaurants with no hassle at all. We live in Washington State and YES, it does rain all the time! We specifically stayed at the mgm for the lazy river, but unfortunately it was shut down until may. Staff told us considering we were early they would put a rush on the room to be ready. Window washer in my window on the 18th floor with NO memo that could be happening. The location itself is wonderful and the facilities have everything you would need from food, beverages, pool areas, gym etc. I didn't hear any other guests, but I could hear the helicopters even over a white noise machine that we had brought. We got to enjoy the Jabawockeez show, which was a highlight. Tried to call front desk but it was to long of a hold that I hung up . When Checking In or Checking Out , the Front Desk were far from Welcoming , never offered any direction or information as to what Restaurants or Entertainment were available, or what Services the Hotel provides, Guests were forced to fend for themselves. The hotels really good everywhere is clean and lots of stuff todo. (I would post photos but I only took videos of the rooms. We paid extra for an upgrade and when we got there they had no king rooms available and our view was the back of other building. Lots of options to get up and down the Strip for cheap- think Duece bus, Monorail and tons of pedestrian bridges (with elevators) attached to hotels. First vist to MGM and thought that it would be an awesome getaway for me and my wife. We get there to find the entire pool area CLOSED at 6 pm!!! Had to run the water for over 20mins to try and get hot water. Hard to get comfortable  until your stuff  has landed too. The bottles were intact, and i put them back into the fridge when i was done with the fruit salad, and still the manager told me they hire some people to do the restocking (which, again, i did it myself) and thus they had to charge me. Guests are just over two kilometres from McCarran International Airport. After also spending more than enough money within the hotel, we were then told we needed to spend a minimum of $20 on food to borrow a bottle opener. The only thing that took me by surprise we're the buffet prices for breakfast we're a bit pricey,  and we went on the early bird breakfast dates that were a bit cheaper. Only down fall is that the staff don't actually know how to give directions to your room. No service apart from the concierge which is great from 8 am to 8 pm. Location is great the staff helpful and polite hope to stay again in July. The staff was friendly and helpful, the check in was easy. The hotel is huge and we were forever getting lost which was not much fun. Look out for the $33 resort charge and the abrupt staff. I know there were a lot of kids because it is that time for school aged kiddos to have spring break, but I thought the filter system would have taken care of these issues. Great staff, good facilities, very clean room, but our room was not comfortable at all. Signature suites are a way better bang for your buck. What can I say a beautiful vacation, with an exceptional staff. Location ideal, very friendly & helpful staff, room and hole hotel spotless no problem recommend it to family or friends i thought we paid a resort fee to cover these sort of things but they were like holding out there hands in anticipation of receiving a tip and if you didn't comply they were rude and ignorant. Our room was nice and had a decent amount of space, however it didn't look like it had been cleaned well. The only issue I have is the water pressure for the shower is weak. Upon arrival we were early and were given access to the only one ready which was ok but long walk and Im a post op back surgery patient. Have to remember the size of the hotel and the fact the state is basically in a continual drought. We had to speak with a manager to get results. Amenities you have to pay for at the hotel and you don't have a choice would have liked to pick and choose what was paying for rather than have to pay for things I didn't use or want. Wellness-themed rooms add aromatherapy diffusers while suites boast Roman bathtubs. And unfortunately upon check out the hotel charged me twice. There were a few other pools which were packed with kids during the day. We were given the last room at the end of a two block hallway from the main elevator, which is fine but the room was not clean for three days until we complained to the front desk, use the same towels for three days ran out toilet paper had to go get some from one of the casino bathrooms, one tiny soap had to go and buy my own same as shampoo. The lazy river was closed went we went, which Hotels.com hadn't included so we were very disappointed - this was the main reason we chose MGM Grand. No information on how to operate locked mini bar - they charge if you place other items in the fridge too. My only complaint would be that the lazy river was closed the whole time The faucets are hard to use and there’s very little counter space at sink. Booked hotel for lazy river pool which I used before. Back there in 10 days let's hope it's fixed by then They charged me a $50 restocking fee for taking sone bottles out of the fridge in order to make room for a fruit salad i bought outside. Water and Coffee super expensive, CVS and Walgreens are located on the strip near every hotel-get extras snacks, drinks, personal items etc there. I was a little disappointed MGM charged $25 a day for valet and $15 a day for self park along with the resort fees. Well they didn't send someone until almost 9pm when we first arrived at 2pm. Black Jack table are a minimum $15 at night vs. $10 elsewhere. We stayed in a much nicer suite at Treasure island for a few dollars cheaper. The moment we got up to our room and opened the door it smelled like sewage. This was my second stay on the property and would stay again. MGM Grand Garden Arena sits a five-minute walk away, and KÀ by Cirque du Soleil can be reached in a seven-minute walk. Boasting a 24-hour casino, MGM Grand sits on Las Vegas' famous Strip. Wifi does work downstairs in the lobby and casino if you really need it. You have to park in a parking bay 7 minutes walk to the elevators. I understand the casinos allowed smoking but you had to walk through a cloud of it every morning and evening and all the other hotel casinos we visited did not smell as bad as MGM. The cleaners and bell hops were easily the nicest most well informed staff working there. Seriously, for that price, not even a free cup of coffee? My first night at the Grand I was awoke by an overwhelming smell of skunk...twice. We immediately called the front desk and asked for a different room. I still went about my visit since I didn't want to complain. Guests have access to marble bathrooms and TVs with cable channels. First time staying at the MGM Grand, staff was very friendly and helpful. On a good note, I complained and the staff righted it immediately. The room is small and unconfortable and also the bathroom is small and just a tub wich is cover with a curtain. The place seems 'money hungry' and nickle and dime you to death! Hi it was nice other then check in they whated 400.00 dollars for a deposit and we had already paid hotel fees but over all it was nice love the stay Secondly we were asked to upgrade the room which we did. Reception could not have been more apologetic and reduced our room bill to compensate for this. We were really sad to hear that the lazy river was not open since that it what we told our kids to look forward to for months before our trip. When I pulled my blankets out to get in bed my sheets had dirt on them. A nook for a bathroom and when I opened a drawer the front of it fell off. There's loads of restaurants and fast food places to eat in the hotel We did the gran canyon by helicopter would definitely recommend this if you go to vegas. It's a hike from the room to restaurants, theater, and food courts. Hotel restaurants pricey but worth it-other affordable options outside of hotels on the Strip. This one had the best value and we will certainly be returning The last thing I will say is that the daily room deposit was a big surprise and I guess we need to read fine print when picking hotels next time. Do not expect your room to come with basics like a kettle, robes or fridge space. The show KA is put on by the MGM and was very entertaining. The food in the Buffet restaurant ist okay but the staff is unfriendly and rude. The main problem we both encountered was that my wife and I were both harassed by men in the casino and my wife was accosted by the small store near the entrance to elevators to our room. And the blackout screen didn't work luckily the green glow goes of at 3am!!!! The only other issue was hearing the airplanes and helicopters with the airport being so close. So they charged me for an upgrade after I had missed my flight and didn’t make it to the hotel the first night because they said my hotel wasn’t ready..that makes no sense to me seeing that I already prepaid for the night I wasn’t there. When we first arrived we upgraded our room to a tower king spa. Didn't realise how much I'd miss even the smallest fridge in a room until we didn't have one here! (and no, it is not in my spam folder) // *I left behind a dress pair of pants in the closet which they made no effort to return or acknowledge.// *No in room coffee. The casino is otherwise poor and cramped and at the wrong end of the strip. We were also told at check in that the room could be 2 Queens or a King even though I thought I selected the King option, of course it cost more to guarantee it. It would have been helpful to have that noted in the hotel information. Love MGM, so many food options, pool is great and rooms are very clean and spacious. We checked in at midnight so there were only 30 people in line in front of us. Then there's checking out you complain and it's fair enough sir we will refund you most of your resort fee only to find out when you get home that the hold on the card is kept by them and not refunded. Go back get a second room drain in the shower didn't drain and the TV didn't work. We decided not to complain but honestly this suite was not that impressive. If we have to come here again this will be our next stay. Restaurants were good and easy access to all that you need. Also, our view from our window was of dumpsters and mattresses very disappointing. No dramas at all other then a lengthy check-in wait and when I went to ask to extend my stay I got a bit of attitude from the people at the front desk . Whilst this is common in Vegas, the MGM also asked for $50 USD just to use the fridge in our room. Only now have they just updated to chip and pin machines so when we arrived we had to wait another 1 and a half in the reception to sort out our card and even then because they hadn't actually updated they're systems I had to give them $400 cash just to get the room I had booked and payed for 6 months prior including being in conversation to our bank in that time which the mgm cashier insisted it wasn't they're fault and not they're system even speaking to the woman on the phone from the bank which told them they were at fault duh! A couple of issues which we reported to reception (no hot water in the shower for 2 days and a room service man with a bad attitude). Waited for my luggage from bell staff who kept on saying its on its way for over 30 minutes. There were pieces of plastic on the floor and various change - which was a hazard with a toddler! We got in to our room and opened the door the faucet was in the bathroom sink water all over the floor with towels. The room smelled a little of smoke (but what in Vegas doesn’t) overall the experience was good. I love the MGM it is the first hotel I ever stayed in Las Vegas, Please fix it and go back to what you used to be. The Hostess at many Restaurants were extremely Rude when asked about wait times for seating and the waitress rushed you through the ordering process . For this price every other hotel in Las Vegas is better than this one. Was in town on honeymoon and for the MCGregor fight :) Loved every minute of our stay. The blinds on the one small windows had broken and were stuck closed, and the mood lighting didn't lighten the room much further. Great accomodation, just one issue was with the hot water. The front desk was very helpful in getting me in my room and the staff has been wonderful except a server who had an real bad attitude I opened the door to my room only to find full trash cans, empty pizza boxes, dirty towels, no toilet paper, dirty sheets, not to mention the place was unorganized. My tip is to not ask for help and just work it out yourself, even if you get lost. We spent 4 days in the MGM Grand and loved every minute of it the staff were so friendly and couldn't do enough for you All the restaurants were brilliant and suited every budget Bathroom was dirty and no access to a fridge unless you want alcohol. I don't think I'd stay there again but will definitely gamble in the casino when I'm in town. The toilet was in a weird echo-y room with a glass door—just like the shower. Great shows to see each night, so not far to walk. After that we arrived at the room a little dated with manual operation for the window blinds which could be heard from either next door very early hours of the morning, dirty sheets from the last arrivals which they only change once a week no matter who has been in them and don't even think they clean the room because it's a quick squirt of polish and a wipe here and there. Hotel huge & room nice -- upgraded for a small fee. There were no trash liners in baskets the shower had serious hard water deposits making the shower head weak. Then we were moved to a room in the Grand tower without WiFi. Room amenities have been removed to make more money off you. Only slight downside was the 45 min wait for check in Room was nice and spacious, always clean, staff were very friendly and easy to deal with. It has all the amenities one would look for on the strip. A fabulous holiday and the MGM was a good choice. On arrival we had to pay for a daily hotel fee upfront to use wifi & gym. Wifi didnt work great for us but there is so much to do in vegas, we weren't really that bothered. The Concierge Desk staff were very condescending, gave us no choice in choosing our seats to the Show we purchased . 1/2 our group was is a remodeled room the others were in an old room that was disappointing Also, very disappointed when we were headed down to the pool and wondered why the lazy river wasn't available and it was under construction. good service and all the sites nearby would go back We were offered another room if we wanted to move. There was a very annoying low-frequency noise ALL NIGHT LONG in my room. Hotel was fab and everything we expected it to be. The rooms were nice, the casino was clean, and there are many different restaurants to choose from which served delicious food. Rooms were dated, cigarette burns in the chairs of the room. Even the cheapest, dingiest motels I've stayed in had these basic comforts - included not for an extra fee! The window (which was behind the headboard of the bed) overlooked a courtyard where a worker was sitting on a crate taking a smoking break. Overall it was an excellent experience for it being me and my wifes first visit to Las Vegas. I'd stay there again as its easy access to the strip and everything else but only if it was on sale. Hope you do not get a joining door on your Grand room, otherwise be prepared to hear your room neighbours conversations. The bathroom also looked like it had been recently used - there was water in the shower, I'm hoping from just being cleaned. Room size was good and it was very clean and well maintained. Overall the Staff need a slap on the side of the head , as a Wake Up Call  to Serve the Customer in a curtesy and warm  manner or else we wont be back too much walking from one end of hotel to the other. We don't bother with house keeping because we clean up ourselves we just requested fresh towels and trash removal. This was my wife's first trip to Vegas and we will never stay at MGM Grand again. Most staff were fine but the bell boys just putting your cases away till you collected them later for our journey home were rather abrupt and arrogant! So a few hours at a pool sounded amazing but what a HUGE let down! Resort charge is $35 a day and you get internet for this. *There was a hidden safe in the drawer, which we could not open. The concierge service was very good and had access to many show discounts. Very old  and dirty bathroom in West Wing King. Not sure what or why you have to pay resort fee? Hotel room was clean very nice view was the greatest but ya can't win them all. There is no comparison between photos shown while booking Vs what we actually got. I am never one to complain but it meant a lot and I feel the frustration is what will be remembered Overall good experience but our room needed to be clean more one day we were gone for hours to clean car was outside our room but the room was never clear My room was allocated in west wing which is too far from reception area. The hotel staff was top notch-all very friendly and helpful. There was no facilities to say - that it was a 5 star hotel. Spent 3 nights at the MGM Grand and we had no negative experiences. They helped with a fridge due to some medication I take. I immediately called the front desk and they said there were no open rooms to transfer to but that they would send someone. However, the casino, lobby and public areas are clean and comfortable. It's clean and is a good bang for the buck but waitresses are super slow,  slots are tight and rooms are old and outdated. I didn't go to Vegas to spend my time in a hotel room, and what they offered was accommodating. I booked this hotel for the lazy river pool for my kids but it was closed and I was not aware of this. We will ve going back in October for my 45th Birthday. Shop Groupon or online venues before you travel for shows, buffets, and attractions. However, there is definitely plenty to see and do without even leaving the hotel. Apparently you have to be up higher than the 13th floor to get WiFi. The next night there were kids running and screaming up and down the hallway. Going to front desk was also long lines and I simply gave up. We couldn’t move to a king room until the next day and there were tiles missing in the bathroom and lock on bathroom door was broke. Would really recommend the MGM Grand for first timers to Vegas. We found a what we though was a great deal and booked our stay for a suite for 4 nights. The staff was nice and friendly, particularly Arthur at the front check in! No tea or coffee facilities in room which we would have appreciated! The doors slammed loudly when closed so all night I could hear my neighbors coming and going,  and there were several times it was so loud it sounded like our own door! We were at Treasure Island for our birthdays in March and had such a great time we decided that we would return to visit with friend and family who were going to be there in April. Our room was held until we arrived the following afternoon and was upgraded to a suite. There was a full trash can and shards of glass all over the floor which I didn’t realize until I cut my heel the next morning. If you put anything in their fridge, including insulin, they charged you a re-stocking fee! The Grand is in need of a renovation considering it used to be the crown jewel of the strip and is still the entertainment capital. The negatives:  *Super expensive food, drinks and basically anything purchased in this hotel.// *The smell of stale cigarette smoke was awful. Then upon check out while at the airport I found that I was charged for a third night... after I checked out!!! There were not enough servers on staff to accommodate the crowds. On a strong note,  the buffet is one of the best in Vegas and cost is absolutely reasonable compared to the competition. When I mentioned this to the room service staff responsible, they smiled and said oh really? Particularly, there was a server in the café bar who went above and beyond to provide top level service (I wish I could remember her name)! This is obviously a very popular hotel however they do not have their guests best interests at heart. I loved that the hotel and our rooms were very clean, and our beds comfortable. Had a great stay, good position, room roomly and very clean serviced very well. The room was comfortable, there was so much to do onsite, all the staff was helpful. This was my first Vegas vacation and the MGM Grand was all that I could ask for. Many other things wrong with this hotel which made our wedding anniversary stay a shambles and rip off . The grand buffet after 9pm was leftovers only - nothing replenished and roasts all overdone by that time and unpalatable. Only downfall was the check in lines were always long and the hold on my credit card has not been returned as yet But it would have been too much trouble to get dressed again, get all our belongings packed up, etc. With more than ten restaurants on site, including the award-winning Joel Robuchon, guests can never go hungry here. This sort of thing happens but its not acceptable we were in the Casino. I travel 6 times a year so I'm familiar with hotels, this hotel failed. Buffet queue was at least 1 hour every night - unless maybe if you started queuing for dinner at 4pm. West wing carpets in hallway and bedroom were filthy.No tea making facilities in room.Resort fees definately a rip off.Most dissapointing vacation. They don't have any type of grip in the shower and I nearly slipped more than once. The positives were:  *Quick and Easy check in and clean room. We went and checked out that's when they charged us an extra 130 bucks for resort fees. But staff came and (sufficiently) fixed the blinds, and the furniture was comfortable. There’s a variety of treatment options at the in-house spa. The hotel features four swimming pools with a number of cabanas. Some of the younger front desk staff were very rude and short, when we requested a room change after our room started to smell like bad pot for 2 days. The service while you were playing slots or cards was lacking. It was a dark room and it wasn't even a king bed it was a queen bed! Experience was ok but way to expensive for the price. The location is perfect for all the activities the strip offers. This was our first stay at the MGM and we really enjoyed everything. Hotels.com, I can get pictures from the video, just let me know if you want me to add pictures later.) Unexplained and surprise charges and explained the special meaning behind trip and sustained avoidable inconvenient obstacles and charges. There’s no towel bar near the shower and no ledge or shelves in the shower, making it hard to shave or store toiletries. They ended up not charging us for the resort fee for our entire stay. NEVER will enter that hotel again or recommend it to anyone! Important thing to understand is that you will stand in line for everything except to gamble and no value for money for the rooms. The room was nice but hallway was very loud and in the middle of the night we were woken up because our whole room smelled like pot from another room. Took 24 hours before repair person told us it was fixed.
This time it happened to be literally right outside our room window. We were woken up just about EVERY HOUR by the loudest noise come from our radiator. We called to cancel our 3 night stay with Hotels.com to get a refund and the hotel would only authorize the 2nd and 3rd nights for a refund even though we had to stay in a room with no heat, a very, very tiny room at that. Mille-Feuille Café is located on site, and serves French pastries with fresh coffee and a selection of teas. Excellent walking location for anywhere in the Upper West Side. Tea etc were free in the hotel lobby which was good after a day of siteseeing. A walk across the bedroom floor in your socks or barefeet would result in the bottom of your feet becoming dark gray within a matter of moments. Guests can get to The Metropolitan Museum of Art in just over two kilometres during their stay at this hotel. Guests can also walk to Levain Bakery in just five minutes. The hotel is not in the main hub of the busy area, which was fine for us, but possibly not if you want to be right in the heart of everything. The staff went out of their way to get us a special room and everything we needed to have a great stay. The little restaurant inside the hotel does not have many choices. 2) I needed to print some tickets off from StubHub and the internet was down beyond the hotel’s control but there was active internet with the check-in desk computers. Pillows, bolster and bed throw are stuffed in a corner, no additional shampoo/conditioner/soap so use sparingly according to how many days you are there or bring your own. When I asked if they would allow me to login and print the tickets they said no because it was against the Manager’s policy to allow guests to use the lobby computers and that I’d have to use the Business Center which they admitted didn’t work. Just so small from the elevators to rooms to hallways. You had the option to upgrade but it was so slow - it struggled to load google maps and had to switch to lite mode (which I've never seen before). My deluxe room and the bed were small and the heater clanked all night, not good if you're a light sleeper. We got no apologies or anything for our terrible stay. I will still recommend this hotel as everything else was positive. The hotel is in a good location, with easy access to subway. Location is great ,  walking to Central Park and MOMA. When I pulled back the sheet to perform my routine bed bug check (everyone should do this in every single hotel to avoid bringing those monsters back to your home. The next morning we stopped by the front desk to explain our concerns and they said their engineer would stop by in which he did. No closet, no place to hang clothing, no place to set a suitcase, unless it was on the floor, in which case one would have to teleport around the room. When I went down for hot tea they only had ice tea (40° outside) and made no attemp to heat water for the hot tea. The room was just right for my grandson and I. Nice and very clean bedding and towels, excellent robes and slippers provided. We were at the front of the hotel which was so noisy we didn't sleep. On a caution side: very old window frames with poor noise protection, if you are a light sleeper do not take city view room. They had no other rooms to move me to so we slept in our clothes and in the morning trekked across the street to the Beacon Hotel and stayed there. The hotel has a small, but cool lobby & the property has a boutique-style ambience. Little disappointed that none of the front door staff helped me unload my luggage from my car. Conveniently located only a short stroll to 79th St Subway, so easy to get to most places quite quickly. No lamp on bed side table, had to use overhead bad light. The room was lovely and spacious, clean and comfortable beds. The bathroom was recently renovated and while small, it was perfectly serviceable and clean. Loved the coffee, baking and complimentary hot cocoa and tea in the evenings! My only complaint is that housekeeping did not clean/refresh our room. If I have one complaint, it's really about the volume of the noise coming from the old radiator-style heater in the room. That being said it is a nice location if you're going to the Beacon Theater. The rooms are small, and ours was very warm--we couldn't figure out how to cool it down-- but the beds were comfortable, the shower worked OK (hot and cold water vacillated in the morning..) and the room was clean. Room is half made up; they make the bed and refresh the linens. If I were to visit New York again I certainly would not return to this hotel. Excellent restaurant and bar recommendations from the front desk staff. Window not double glazed but fairly quiet except the sirens. Fortunately, another staff member allowed me to use the lobby computer to print my tickets. My wife and I stayed at Hotel Belleclaire for a combined business trip and anniversary getaway. Room was clean and very pleasant and remarkably quiet despite being across from the elevators. Front desk staff also gave us menus for places that deliver to this hotel as well!!! we were on on the 3rd floor on the far right, there was a lot of constant noise from the hotels main air con unit, which is probably the only negative comment I have. i would just suggest that when you check in, make sure the hot water works before you unpack! Nothing wrong with the hotel but I wouldn’t go back. Very friendly staff, Very clean would definitely recommend to a friend. The heat in the tiny room was not working and the bed was against the radiator. There was a draught from the window none of which are double glazed. Stayed for a week and I loved how close it was to amentities. We would definitely stay at the Belle Claire again BUT only in at least a Queen size room. Only down fall is no hot tub or pool to relax your legs after all the walking. At bed time it became glaringly apparent that the walls were paper thin as I heard every whispered conversation, TV commercial and bodily function imaginable emanating from the rooms and hallway around me. Central Park Zoo is located three kilometres away and Beacon Theatre is four minutes away on foot. We had a cleaner who made our beds and changed the towels each day, however they were clearly not paid to dust as the amount of dust covering the room was appalling! Pictures on website make the rooms look big, they're not. This hotel is very close to central park and all of the wonderful NY museums-- the location is PERFECT. Our room was slightly bigger than most affordable NYC hotel rooms, which was surprising; we were on the 2nd floor. We stayed almost a week and got used to it but it was very noisy. I think the hotel needs to invest in some Anderson style double pain windows because the vintage windows, with blinds and shutters do not shield the occupant from street noise at all - we could hear conversations 7 stories down, cars, building workers across the street, fire engines from a block away, etc. Guests staying at Hotel Belleclaire can make use of the computers in the media lounge, connect to free high-speed Wi-Fi, and read the daily newspaper. I know some of this looks petty but when you’re paying so much money, it’s the “little” things that bring us back. My daughter & I both enjoyed our stay in New York. The waiting area and the rest it's all in the same place as the only (very small only fits 4 people if the luggage are small) elevator. Valet parking is $55 with tax for 24hrs which is good in this part of town. Great location, subway is a 2 minute walk, and Times Square only 4 stops, great staff and very clean, old decor just adds character to the hotel. nice personal hotel-rooms are small but comfortable and clean-staff are lovely-helpful.easy walk to central park and very close to the subway -would be happy to stay there again. Someone from the front desk came up and banged on the radiator and said it would go on but it never did. We stay here often and would recommend this boutique hotel The location is great if you want to be near Central Park, a subway station and away from the busier parts of Manhattan. Belleclaire is located on a side street on the Upper West Side. The only negative I would have for the hotel was the size of the room we stayed in and the lack of wifi access from our hotel room. Walking distance to Central Park in a relatively quiet neighborhood. Room was a little dusty.. windows had smudges, but over all, a clean room. In a small room, the noise felt amplified, and hard to sleep to. The water was too cold to even try to shower. The reception and lobby are personal, and the staff is very hospitable. Do not get excited about the pictures you see when booking as the rooms, although comfortable are way too smaller than expected. Nice size room.. quiet room street side on 7th floor. While the stay was alright, the overall experience was not what I would expect from the cost per night per room. Subway is right there, and cross town bus (to get to east side of central park) is right near by, and there are great restaurants and 4 supermarkets in a 3 block radius. The Belleclaire is a fine hotel in an excellent location. We arrived late at night and there was no engineering staff. Consumer Reports has an excellent story about how to check for them, FYI) I discovered the bed was literally covered from top to bottom with stray hairs of ever color, thickness and length. I would suggest to have breakfast at the Europa bakery (Broadway between 77th and 78th). Maybe we did something bad in a prior life and this was payback. Basically it was “ oh well, sorry.” It’s too bad... Clean room ,private bathroom ,centrally located near amc movie theater, cvs,duane reede and budget friendly eateries. There is also a meeting room on the tenth floor. Upon check-in, the hotel appeared to be in good condition and the room was well cleaned and neat. All staff were friendly and would go that extra mile. Not fun to wake up to hammering and such (excuses were made but would not move us). All good except we never received our requested wake-up call. Tiny room, no heating ,air condition functional system, 5-10 minutes before hot water arrives, not one chair. Our room was spacious & comfortable and came with a mini fridge and free wi-fi. The 79th subway station is two blocks up Broadway the staff is friendly and helpful as are the nice people at the coffee bar, if sensitive to noise a caution it’s not soundproof and my room was cozy The location of this hotel is great for our needs but they always seem to be under some sort of construction. My only negatives would be the steam radiators were a little noisy and we missed having tea/coffee making facility in the room for our early morning cuppa, however there was complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby in the evenings from 6pm. The staff at the front desk were not that apologetic and didn’t offer any discount or refund. Only down fall windows were very drifty due to AC unit in the window . The location of the hotel was perfect for us -the upper west side. it's convenient to a nearby subway stop, there are shops and restaurants nearby and Central Park and several museums are in walking distance. Hotel needs a little room updating, however room had everything we needed and close to transport, local subway couple of blocks away on 72nd Street. We chose the hotel, though, because of it's proximity to the finish line. View was brick wall 1 ft away from dirty window. I have to say, I would think twice about staying there again, if only because of the noise. We didn't really use the hotel staff for anything (b/c it was a family trip) but they seemed nice enough. It is clean and the bedrooms are very well designed. The hotel is situated in a lovely neighborhood with a front desk staffed with efficient, caring and attentive employees. I really just found it weird and bad form that I had to spend 15 minutes figuring out what to do before another staff member would allow me to print the tickets. The staff are very helpful, you're in a nice area, the rooms are very clean and it's a smart place to rest your head each night. The halls and room are a little dated but tidy enough, the room was of an adequate size (Deluxe Queen Room) The aircon unit stuck in the window with plastic wrap filling the gaps was a rather scruffy, but not a big deal. I asked for a wakeup call and was assured it would happen. The staff was extremely friendly & helpful when we needed to store our bags the next day. Within Walking distance to AMC theaters, pleasant Restaurant and Cafes and there is also some shopping in the area; great neighborhood an overall pleasant experience, and yes I would stay here again. We were staying overnight for the NYC Half Marathon, and had to get up the next morning at 4:30 to start our trek to the Brooklyn starting line, and I have to be honest, it was hard to sleep with the noise. Since the moment we walked in until we checked out the staff and overall experience was fantastic. We had a wonderful stay in New York last week and the hotel was very comfortable and staff were always there to help and also carry suitcases etc. The lobby bathroom also struggled to flush, so not ideal. If you are looking for a basic hotel just to sleep in then this will be ok. we were a party of two couples and booked two rooms, ourselves had emailed two months beforehand to see if we were able to upgrade to a city view as at the time there was availability, when we arrived our view couldn't have been worse - back of a building and noisy fans - which kept us awake during the night! There are many places to choose from for great drinks and food very near the hotel. We had a free upgrade to a parlour suite which was a lovely surprise. Don't forget to claim your free hot drink after 2pm (I think) from the lobby as there is no tea or coffee making facilities in the room. The hotel is conveniently located in the UWS near lots of great restaurants, shops & several subway stations. We did peek into another room across the hall, which seemed considerably more spacious. Other than that it was a good place to stay. I had a nice stay I was very happy with the location easy walking distance east to American Museum  And Central Park many great shopping and dining options close. Nice clean hotel close to public transport and walking distance to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. The door man seems to take a lot of breaks because I hardly ever saw him there. The location is close (walking distance) to museums and very near the the train station... if adventure is your thing! A standard double room was tiny, no wardrobe and one bedside table. Would visit again but would not be top of the list and would choose another hotel over this one. Overall if you are in NY to enjoy  the city great find at reasonable price. Fridge in bedroom was useful for putting in our drinks etc. The clerk told us that there was hot chocolate and tea availble in the lobby... no coffee (only in the morning at cost). That particularly great service (definitely not rude, but also not very helpful). our friends who booked the same style of room as us were less than impressed with the size and broken bathroom, reception offered to move them the following day when a room became available which was helpful, however it was to the same standard with a working bathroom. Rooms are clean if you do not move the furniture. Unfortunately, our two night stay here was a nightmare at night. Also would not stay there at stay there in summer, air conditioner system looks quite outdated. After complaining to front desk, manager went out of his way to make sure remaining service was fantastic!! We managed to work out a fix that sometimes did the trick. Had to ask for valet service to take our car once I got inside hotel with luggage. Booked the hotel because of its strong reviews rating it 4/5. Enjoyedmystayat the Belleclaire.Wouldhave beennice tohave had coffee andtea makingfacilitiesinthe room. We stayed for three nights because we were visting family for the weekend, and they live near by. I believe that hot chocolate also uses hot water, so no hot chocolate either. Room is very small...you get the real old New York feel. However, he ultimately told us it was nothing he could do and we would have to suffer through. After reading some of the reviews I didn't know what to expect. Rooms at Hotel Belleclaire come standard with a writing desk, slippers, as well as a flat-screen TV and docking stations for in-room entertainment. Windows are only single glazed and street noise is noticeable at night. Amsterdam Ale house was the nearest bar which was OK and the cafe breakfast bar opposite side of Broadway was quite pleasant. CVS (pharmacy and groceries) just a few steps away and opened 24 hours. There is a cozy first floor area which is a great place to sit, talk with friends, and enjoy the complimentary afternoon tea. I like that it was away from the loud midtown area. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was a nice size... no oversized tub. Lack of tea/ coffee facilities in the room was another downer although tea and hot chocolate was complimentary in the lobby. My only issues was the shower and the lack of hot water. A very nice quaint boutique type hotel with a French flair. But we were so exhausted after a day of walking the city he didn't miss it. I was told that I received an upgrade with a view, but I would have needed a big enough window to see a view. Hotel has a good quality lobby and reception area, staff were very polite and attentive. In night, light came thru room  door ...apparently wrong size. They don't have Central AC, only window unit which made a lot of noise. We opened the pull out mattress and found dirty, slept in sheets, underneath the springs were popping through the mattresses! Staff woman at front front desk gave my 4 year old a coloring book and crayons upon check in as well !!! They promptly brought a shower chair to our room and installed temporary grab bars in the shower. The window above the dust encrusted AC unit was literally held in place by molding, wet packing tape. Took walk to Central Park which was close to hotel. We were a family of 5 and were delighted to find a suite with 3 beds at an affordable price in a lovely hotel. Located only an eight-minute walk from the American Museum of Natural History, Hotel Belleclaire features a 24-hour fitness centre and views of the Hudson River. All of the staff we met were lovely and we couldn't fault the location, lovely and quiet but only a 15 min walk from the hustle and bustle of Times Square it is an older building so it's tougher to judge things like cleanliness and comfort.For instance the steam heating hisses and is difficult to adjust. While a beautiful building itself, the rooms need updating (peeling faux-leather headboard, very old a/c, loud mini-fridge). My room was comfortable, I could watch people and traffic on Broadway from my window.I experienced a problem with the door lock and they were very quick to give me another room so they could work on the lock. So when the doors open you are faced with a big crowed of people. We upgraded to a Queen size room for an additional 15 dollars a night, but it was essential. The toilet in our room did not flush at all and they were unable to help us because this came about late at night. I stayed here with my daughter for the NYC half marathon for two nights & was overall delighted with our stay. Nice people work the hotel and it's in a great location to explore the Upper West Side I likely won't be back- but if you don't mind cramped, dirty quarters with no sound insulation, you might consider this place if they're running a very good sale. Took subway & bus to all the sights we wanted to see. The bed took up 90% of the room and it was tricky to navigate around the little refrigerator on the floor just to get to the bathroom. This lovely small boutique hotel is in a quiet residential area near to Central Park. The hotel was about a 10 min drive from Times Square (without traffic). It's a beautiful building - historic and quaint - but, unfortunately, the room assigned to us was absurd. Small lobby and elevators but very charming and great location for our Columbia University graduation activities. I do not recommend a standard double to anyone, not even a single traveller. At 4 am I called down to the front desk and which he came up and turned the radiator off supposedly but the noise kept coming back! I think the hotel also has apartments, some of the people staying there were super shady. The Belleclaire was a comfortable and chic oasis on the Upper West Side, close to the subway and a few blocks from Central Park. Two quick examples: 1) I’m not overly sensitive but I heard a staff member drop the f-bomb in the lobby which I just found unprofessional and in general there seems to be less professional demeanor with the staff than at other similarly priced hotels. In all fairness, I did not call to report this to the front desk, but their response to this matter upon check out was one of concern. By the time of our check-out, we were ecstatic to leave. Excellent value and friendly staff.It's also only 2 blocks from the subway. I was impresses with the cleanliness for the room I stayed in. I booked this hotel at 246p 2/20/18 and literally checked in 14 mins later. The bed, however, was as hard as a rock and filthy. Our friends on the fifth & sixth floors noted that their rooms were not as big, so keep that in mind. Not a good use of my money....Very disappointed in travelocity & hotel. The elevators fit 4 adults comfortably... so no rush up or down. Walking distance to the Museum of Natural History, subway, restaurants and grocery stores. The only disappointment was the game room was not operational. Our room was quiet and clean, but it was one of the smallest rooms i’ve seen as a double. Elevator was small, I'm a bit claustrophobic but managed to use it.
Needed a roll away cot and was told it was a fire code. I had to turn on the thermostat for short periods of time to freshen up the air in the room. At check in we were told there would be renovations in the morning starting 9am. These extra charges were not shown on the Expedia website. This was a very nice perk to have and the offerings were quite generous. I was very upset to find out the the hotel was under construction during my stay. There was also no sheets in the pullout bed,I had to call the front desk for a set. Also had we had relatives come over they would have had to pay $7/hr or $20 all day parking. They were having renovations between 9am-6pm, but I didn't notice any noise or disruptions. The hotel was very nice and clean and all the staff was very friendly. I'm not trying to complain but if these two things were changed this hotel would get 5 stars from me. However, on the day of my trip they sent me a text that stated our room was no longer available. The room, friendly staff & amenities were all comparable to the Marriott but the cost was less. The staff working the check in desk was not helpfull nor did they even seem to care when i asked them questions refurding my room. The room given to us had a door to the adjacent room (which is weird). I asked them in advance for a roll away bed for our three year old but that was not there when we checked in. I traveled often, this is the 1st time the hotel will charge me on internet service. I would recommend this hotel to anyone willing to drive 10 minuets to the beach! I requested a change in room type and they were very accommodating. Or, as the receptionist recommended: You can go to the gas station across the street. We had access to the business lounge and its complementary breakfast, snacks and drinks. A new restaurant just opened -- although we did not try it, the atmosphere was very pleasing. I moved to the Hampton Inn, one block away, and got all of the above at no charge, including an exceptionally good free breakfast. Marriott San Diego Del Mar Hotel features a heated outdoor swimming pool and a whirlpool for guests to enjoy downtown, while daily housekeeping, on-site parking and a concierge service is also available. It was the worse when I had to check out. I appreciate the attention to detail and going the extra mile. The Del Mar Horse Track is just 4.4 miles from this hotel, while other local attractions such as Del Mar City Beach and Mount Soledad are within close driving distance. Arterra Sushi Bar is open for dinner and is known for its fresh sashimi-grade seafood. Each PURE allergy-friendly guest room features luxurious amenities such as a flat screen TV, mini fridge, work desk and free toiletries in the private bathroom. The sound proofing between the suites could be improved, this wasn't a problem on the weekdays, but on the weekend I think there were kids on a school trip next door and they were playing loud music/tv until 1am when I finally called the front desk. Very good hotel but a bit outdated in terms of facilities and appliances We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights.I was excited to stay at any hotel in San Diego hoping I would open the windows and enjoy the fresh ocean breeze. A new BMW or Mercedes really doesn't warrant breaking fire code.... a Bugatti Chiron maybe. One more thing, for the price the hotel charges per night (breakfast, parking, internet, fridge not included), they could have had a hand shower head (with hose). This was the first hotel I have ever stayed in that didn't have a complimentary breakfast. If there had been a window to open in the room, we would have had a nicer stay. Another thing I don't like is when valets park cars in the fire lane in front of hotels. I will say that the staff in the resturant was extremely helpfull and curtious. This hotel charges for Wi-Fi, coffee in the lobby, parking & breakfast (full American breakfast starts at $18). When talking with the staff about some concerns the response from the staff was oh. Great pool... even though the room marked locker room had no lockers, showers, benches or tables... it was just a bathroom. The pool and fire pits were a cozy and relaxing touch! The restaurant is a bit pricey, but the food was quite tasty. The location was less than 10 minutes away from the area we were visiting to check out San Diego's breweries. The suite had just been remodeled and looked very nice, everything worked. After a slight mistake, the staff went above and beyond to make my stay special. Oh and the construction was not suposse to start until 9am but yet I we woken up at 6am by banging! For short periods of time because the air draft from the AC was strong and I simply could not sit on the bed next to the window. Very Sad   we were looking so forward for  this trip.. If you are a rewards member, Wi-Fi is free so you can join at the time you check in . When we arrived the view from our room was of a roof, leaking and the bathroom smelled like smoke and the hotel front desk said they couldn’t move us so I called Expedia and then they moved us 2doors down with the same view, not what I envisioned for a hotel in Del Mar/San Diego romantic Valentines getaway weekend with my spouse, very disappointing. It would have helped a lot when giving a bath to a baby. My daughter ended up building a bed out of the sofa right next to our bed which she enjoyed. One of my children had to sleep on the floor! I consider the quality of the bed and the shower the only two mandatories for a hotel. The strong smell of air freshener (not a pleasant one) was very present. And the parking garage was very inconvenient; the exit wasn't working half the time and we had to sit there for 10 minutes before we could leave. Arterra Restaurant is located on-site and features an award-winning food and wine program, open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The air conditioner was not working and the bed was hard,also the water was not hot. Executive lounge was not accessible on weekends, making working there more difficult. This Hotel could use some staff training on providing great customer service.. The hotel was very nice along with a spacious room. Tea and coffee making facilities are also available in each room. Was booked  for four nights but stayed only one because of unbearable noise from construction on the floors above me. Situated near Torrey Pines and just 20 minutes from downtown San Diego, Marriott San Diego Del Mar Hotel features several meeting rooms for guests on business and a fully equipped fitness center. Will never stay atbthis hotel again and quite frankly may never stay at a Marriot again! I was pretty disappointed to find out that I would not be able to open the  window. The hotel recently went through renovations so was clean and updated. I would not recommend this hotel to a friend and I will not stay at this hotel in the future. After sitting in traffic for a few hours, this was just what the doctor ordered. Restaurant was okay, but focused on trendiness rather than quality. I chose this hotel because it was conveniently located half way between Legoland and the Zoo. There was bo worning prior to my check in warning of this or i would have chossen a diffrent hotel. Room service food was overpriced and their attempt at chicken noodle soup was seriously hard peas. The bed was a little uncomfortable but the price we paid and the free breakfast made up for it. The $20 daily parking rate seems excessive given the suburban setting. However, you could purchase Cola at the check-in desk for $3. We went to eat breakfast and I ordered oatmeal, my husband an omelet and both my sons ordered cereal. We had a one night stay at the Marriott in Del Mar for an event. Due to construction on the upper floor we did not get a king size bed but to queen. The receptionist told me that they were short staffed that night and there was no one available to check it out. if you like the beach its fine, not much around but corporate buildings. We stayed at Hotel Indigo gas lamp Awesome place and they could teach the Marriott team how to provide a Great customer experience.... Will stay here again when I come back to Del Mar. The room was clean and the bed was so comfy.
They like to clean at about the same time each day - for us it was around 3:30. There is public parking across the street for $1.00/hr from 0900 to 1800. Reason, I gave it a lower score on comfort  was due to the shower... it barely gave any water pressure and was not even luke warm. Area dining spots include Juicy Gyros, Sazon Cuban Cuisine and Cholo’s On The Beach. Double sinks, though lots of splashing Love that there's a sofa between the 2 queen beds and front of tv  Love that it has a combo washer dryer in unit  Just a short block walk to beach We were on the first level and had loud neighbors above us which was the only draw back. By the way, the weather was wonderful at the time of our stay from March 29 - April 6. Parking is very bad the bed broke on me the staff was friendly. I really feel that the selling of this hotel was misleading. We got two rooms since we had 5 people total. I would only stay here again if we needed the space. The staff was friendly although most of them spoke Spanish better than English, which sometimes resulted in misunderstanding. We had a lovely room with two comfy queen beds and a couch (sofa bed). It is a quick walk to the beach and the hotel had beach towels and chairs you can use. The room was nice and smaller, great for a quick, inexpensive  stay. They claim they have free parking , well not really . As to information, I wish there were more brochures, leaflets, etc. If you want entertainment or shopping, you have to take a bus to South Beach or book a hotel there. On checking in we were told we were in a “close by”. The studio apt was nice, spacious, and clean, but some of the housekeepers cleaned it better than others. Night manager Aliasitir on duty on 12/19/2017 was very helpful and fabulous with helping me print out my airline ticket! When we checked in, they gave us a renovated room. The outside of the hotel looks like an old apartment building but the rooms are clean, roomy, and comfortable. I love free parking and you can park 10 feet away from your room, saves a lot of time. Satellite hotel we stayed at was a little further from town then we would have liked, but they do provide transportation between their hotels I arrived late and was told that the AC will be clean out, I only noticed how filthy that room was the next day, and since it was only 2 night stay I really had not time to switch hotels.They did fix the AC odor the next day  but the room still wasn't cleaned proper. They also have some items for convenience such as beach chairs and although we didn't check it out they offered that we stop at some of their other hotels for free drinks between certain times of day. Staff is rude and unfriendly behaving like they doing you a favor by letting you stay at Seaside. There are two buildings so you may have to walk to the other building (across the street) to use the pool. Looks can be deceiving, the room is a lot nicer than the outside look of the building. It was about 25 minutes from South beach which I loved, because we didn’t have to deal with the traffic and crowds. The management must have hired a good photographer because I assure you, this place looks nothing like pictures. Emailed guest relations following my trip to let them know about the bedbugs and broken window on 1/29/18. hotel has few parking spots so if they are taken you have to park on a street. Kitchen/paper towels are not included and neither is coffee, so make sure you bring/buy coffee and coffee filters. The rooms were quite large, and had laundry, stove, fridge, and even some dishes and silverware. staff was very helpful and room was spacious and clean. By close by they meant 8 blocks north and 1 block further from the beach! Given the size of the room, it would be possible to put drawers there. The location is perfect for those who are interested in staying on the beach and taking evening walks on the seafront. There is a washer/dryer in the kitchenette; if you plan to do laundry, make sure you bring or buy laundry detergent. Those two who spoke good English were very helpful in providing directions and information about tours. If you get a spot by the hotel, try to keep it. There was a group of very noisy guests who were partying in the small courtyard with loud music into the early hours with no one from the hotel to reign in their behaviour. Parking isn't good, but not bad if considering the public parking lot. That location was also further from the beach than where we thought we would be. The room was ok but it was a small complex with no pool and the distance to the main hotel ruled out going for a quick dip! We were happy until we realized that we where in fact ten blocks down the road, with no parking and no pool. So you'd have to call the front desk from your cell or walk to their office for any issues. Seaside apartments were newly renovated and check-in was simple easy. This three-star complex features 40 studio apartments and limited free parking. Booked this hotel based on location and the fact it had a small pool. We booked this hotel because it mentionnés it had parking and a pool. Tried to cancel and they refused  was not anything like advertised. The room had a strong mold like odor and AC was blowing out air that smelled like urine. Got relocated when we got to the hotel to another building they owned which was seven blocks further. There were a dozen bites on necks and on limbs all together. Plus, guests can enjoy the garden and take advantage of on-site concierge services. Great experience will recomend and stay again.Service was excellent beach,stores and restruants in walking distance. This hotel is close to the beach and market, which is helpful if you want to prepare food in your room. Only one has a pool and only one has a parking. There was a little difficulty keeping the room at a constant cool temp, but we worked it out. This is a 2 star motel with a price of a 4 star hotel. Thoroughly enjoyed the large room with a kitchen area and comfortable leather couch. When I called to complain about the noise next door at 11pm, I was told by front desk that they were busy at the moment, but will try to stop by next door or send them an email. Overall, the experience was great, so I can recommend the hotel. There were enough hangers for dresses or pants, but we had to keep little things and clothes items in our suitcases. Bottom line there are plenty of places to rent  in Miami and no self respecting human being should stay at Seaside . We could use the pool at the other location without any problem, but still, it wasn’t has convenient has we imagined. the outside does look kinda sketchy but the room was nice and clean. Seaside Apartment Hotel, a South Beach Group Hotel is dreadful. Really it should be marketed as a separate entity at its own location with a clear description of the amenities (or lack of them) available. The room was very clean, designed and plenty of open space. Hotel looked clean and neat at first until I got bitten by bedbugs on multiple places overnight. Opening in 2015, the Seaside All Suites Hotel in Miami’s North Beach places guests near the Normandy Shores Golf Club and the Indian Creek Country Club. What it did not say is that this hotel is in fact 3 buildings. The Seaside All Suites Hotel lies six miles from South Beach, eight miles from the Ancient Spanish Monastery, 16 miles from Miami Seaquarium and a 30-minute drive from Miami International Airport. With a max occupancy of four guests, apartments provide two queen beds with Egyptian cotton sheets and pillowtop mattresses, full kitchens (with washer/dryer), 42” plasma TVs with satellite channels and high-speed Internet. The room we had was spacious, but make sure you save a picture of the room you reserved and paid for... the check in staff tried to stick us is a a smaller room. Facilities include a business centre, free newspapers and a 24-hour front desk. The staff at the front desk was really nice and helpful, especially Jen, except the guy who worked the afternoon shift was a total jerk. Try to be out of the room, not taking a nap:) The pool is small but fine for a quick dip. I wish I had brought some, because I could not find small packaging in the nearby stores. Overall our stay was peaceful, comfortable and quite at seaside! For sure all the good reviews that have are totally fake. Saw before and they would not allow cancel  charged full stay The check in process was not great  parking was worst... but for the price and location you can over look those small issues. It is located in a bad area of Miami with dirty street and filthy beach. The washing machine is a bit odd, as it’s european style. Area wasn't pretty but it was close to the beach. There is a kitchen with pots, dishes, silverware, small fridge, small sink, toaster, microwave, two burner hotplate and 4-cup coffee maker (we did not use it). The beach is about ten minutes easy walk from the hotel. Wonderful location - close to food stores and bakery, band shell, and the beach.
Nice hotel on the marina with shuttle to a quiet beach I did not eat at the restaurant, but ate at Ruth's Chris right next door, just a quick walk to the next building. Even after I told her my family stays here every year. It was fun while it lasted, but this place is more for conferences and others, not so much for regular guests. I expressed my unhappiness at checkout on Friday morning, and the lady working behind the desk, COULDN’T CARE LESS. I found the reception staff very helpful as my golf clubs where misplaced at one of the golf courses we played at. The condo is much bigger than we were expecting and everything is perfectly maintained and clean! A tip is to use the free shuttle to the beach as they provide beach chairs and umbrellas. They didn't even try to accommodate me as the they looked at us with rude faces and ask. We requested and we were granted a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite with a fireplace overlooking the Marina and the golf course...a beautiful room!! would you like me to refund your money as if our money wasn't good enough there. Very home-like, enough room for everyone- we were a group of 7. Friendly staff and helpful nice surroundings and good views of the canal and harbor It was a real treat staying here after staying at the average hotel. We stayed two nights for a beach vacation & had a fantastic time. I advised numerous times that I did not want a double queen as i didn't need 2 queen beds in my room. Hotel is located in a convenient place away from the crowded areas byt still close to everything. All staff met my high standard for courtesy and helpfulness. It had a great bar and room was clean and comfortable. When we got there they told me that they had no more King bed available and there was only 1 double queen room left available in the whole hotel. The Marina Inn is my favorite hotel in Myrtle Beach and I highly recommend it to those seeking that perfect hideaway with someone special... we enjoyed everything about the hotel but the waterview that I was promised was a lie Although you can go down to lobby for complimentary coffee). It was a nice  looking property, hotel and room service was great too. They told us they would have to reset a table for dinner, we ate at a local resultant. Upon checking in I requested late checkout, let’s just say I was asked to leave serveral times on my day to checkout. Don’t be deceived by the pictures of the beachfront, there is none! The interior was great and the staff was so helpful and friendly. Hopefully they will have the indoor pool temp corrected by then! I was hoping to have a relaxing time in the hot tub, so I was disappointed when I stepped into cold water. We stayed at The Marina Inn due to its close proximity to The Carolina Opry and were surprised by the value. We’ve stayed at the Marina Inn four straight years for our kids Spring Break. I could take it for about 5 minutes and then moved to the sauna. Great location with easy in and out on the highway. Good stay....The 2 bedroom suit was nice, the view was great, the food was great. The hotel staff did exactly the right thing and that level of service is difficult to find these days. We did meet a few families who told us that summers at this location are amazing, so I wouldn't rule it out for a future trip. The property is well maintained and they offered valet services. We are a family of 5 so we got a 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite. Nice place to go and relax stuff are very nice . The location is a little out from the main town of Myrtle Beach (10 mins drive) but suited us as was nice a quite and as it is on highway 17 made it easy to get to everywhere we needed. Spent our last night in South Carolina at this hotel. The room wasn’t serviced on Saturday while I was out. I was very satisfied with the condition of the vacation rental. The hotel was centrally located to the boardwalk, beach and convention center. Myrtle Beach, Broadway at the Beach and Alabama Theater are all in close proximity to the inn. I called the hotel to to make sure that we were clear for a late check in. We were greated  quickly and courteously upon our arrival. The first time we ended up leaving, the second time, the chef let us in and asked that we be seated. Those were the two features I was most anxious to use for our trip, and unfortunately ended up being the most underwhelming. You can have your morning coffee or afternoon cocktail watching the sailboats go by. Room service didn't come by as often as desired for cleaning. This hotel is on a river with some cool boats to look at, the beachfront is a shuddle drive away 9am-5pm only. Horrible experience with food- all I was told when we returned the salad with slime in it that “no problem- I haven’t put it in your tab yet so we won’t charge you.”  The fireplace didn’t work - ice maker didn’t work. It’s across the street from the opry and the hotel had beautiful views of the waterway, grande dunes golf, and the marina. The Marina Inn is a beautiful, warm, classy hotel away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to everywhere to be the perfect hideaway especially for couples and those looking for an intimate escape. Very nice place Would recommend to anyone  Great view and nice accommodations There were not enough glasses, cereal bowls, and only a few pots. I don't see why it took 3 staff members to help that couple find a room in their hotel but we couldn't get what we asked for. It isn't on the beach, but they offer a shuttle to take you to their private beach minutes away. The bath mat towel was wet,so i dont think it was replaced from the previous guests. Favorite hotel in Myrtle Beach (unless I’m at my Marriott Time share) but come a few times a year and this is my hotel of choice. Pros: Clean, pleasant staff, 24 hr valet service, nice restaurants in and around the marina, spacious rooms, nice view, all around wonderful stay. The views are amazing as they overlook the pool / marina and golf course. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable, almost as comfortable as our own bed. The only issue I had was that the indoor pool/hot tub was COLD. So looking forward to our next stay there and I'm already sharing the experience with my friends and family so that they can enjoy it to. The outside pool area is lovely, with plenty of lounge chairs and beautiful foliage. We had plenty of room and the two balconies were great! If we were to have even received a FAKE apology or expression of concern from ANY member of the staff, I’d overlook how bad of an experience this trip was. My boyfriend and I checked in  late and we got a upgrade to the suit. Apparently room service was busy while we were gone during the day. At 11am, when asking how long the room will be ready, he did not try to find out instead of saying from now till 4pm. A little ways from beaches, but very nice location and golf. The rooms are beautifully done, the beds and bedding amazingly comfy and the small sitting area in the lobby has comfortable cushy chairs clustered about looking on to a roaring fireplace on colder nights. My only complaint would be the lack of water pressure in the shower. Private beach shuttle service is only on the weekends and only 9am-5pm. Its also very close to the Pirates Voyage and Broadway at the Beach. Waterscapes offers a wide range of seasonal dishes made from locally sourced produce as well as freshly prepared breakfasts. The atmosphere and feel of it was so grande, we couldn't have picked a more perfect spot. The rooms feature flat-screen TV’s, coffee makers, hairdryers, desks, safes, minifridges, air-conditioning units, complimentary toiletries and free Wi-Fi. They had no answer, eventually after 30 minutes, the valet attendant told us we could park in his lot. For the price, I’d rather pay more or the same and stay across the street at the Ocean Club or Marriott. I highly recommend this condo and cannot wait to visit again. This is not a good customer service in a 4 star hotel. We stayed for 6 days and nights and the level of customer service commitment was defined the first day. Reviewer Comments: Great location with view of Intercoastal, Marina and Pools! Problem with the wifi in our room no problem connecting with android but not with ipad not sue why. Not saying I wouldn't stay there again because I most definitely would. As we sat there, a white couple who just got married walked in and everyone on the staff stopped what they were during to go get a room for this couple. The pool area was relaxing and featured an infinity pool with zero entry area, 2 hot tubs, and bar area with snacks. We had a view of the 10th hole of the golf course, which made my husband happy! When I tried to explain I requested late checkout upon arrival the front desk person spoke over me and said “sir, I need you to pack yourself and your family and leave ASAP”. Carpet needed serious updating as we could see dirty patches in certain areas of the room. NO PARKING after a long day at the beach and site seeing. There was also a buffet and a dining room table with 4 chairs. Me and my wife spent our 12th anniversary there and our stay was nothing short of spectacular. When we were too tired for the beach, the two on site pools fit the bill nicely. I always know what to expect and am never disappointed. My understanding is this is a new property they are managing so if they make those corrections it would be perfect. As somebody who works in a direct customer service industry, I know that customer service excellence cannot be defined when everything goes exactly right every time. It had everything we could need: washer/dryer, fireplace, 2 bathrooms, full kitchen, huge living room. My only wish was that it would have been better represented that the private beach is only open from Memorial Day to Labor Day and that the indoor pool is not heated. Very wonderful place to stay and the service was outstanding. They also failed to inform the guests that a prom was being held there as well. It is a nice hotel in Myrtle Beach to stay. Courteous and attentive - great experience  - everything was exc Marina Inn at Grande Dunes boasts 230 rooms, two restaurants, a bar/lounge in addition to two swimming pools, two golf courses, spa treatments and a fitness center. But we received no acknowledgement from our concerns and issues. The second bedroom had 2 queen beds with it's own huge attached bath, that is also accessible from the living room. We needed a place to stay while in town to purchase our new home. I would recommend this hotel to anybody at any time. I was satisfied with the condition of the vacation rental. A lighter menu is available at the on-site cafe whilst guests can enjoy an extensive variety of drinks at the bar. She loved the surrounding environment  (closed to shopping and restaurants). We had an issue when we got into our room and once i called the front desk, we had the chief engineer and manager on duty there within minutes. The day we checked in, no one assisted with our luggage. The faculties were too notch (indoor pool, outdoor poo, restaurant and bar on-sight, exercise room, etc)  Our experience was very memorable! John checked us in and completed our reservations to a T. The only drawback was beach access was not at the hotel. I travel alone often and feel very safe in this property. We stayed at he Marina inn at the end of a month long trip and loved it! We got what we expected based on the information available from hotels.com I had to park at the shopping center and walk to the beach. One more  unfortunate part of our experience, our room was only cleaned once while we were there. It was blissfully quiet, spacious  and beautifully set up. Oh one more thing upon arrival, we went to their resurant at 9pm that’s open till 10pm.... let’s just say breakfast was already being set up. They had their beach set up, and were gracious enough to let us use their beach amenities. Hotel's computers were down when we arrived so we couldn't register but they called us when we could get in the room. The master bedroom had 1 king bed with attached master bath with tub, shower, double sinks and plenty of space. An in-house restaurant, Waterscapes, had great food and good service. Always enjoy my stay..feel pampered from the valet to the room quality to the staff willing to go the extra mile. Very clean great staff but for a higher end hotel it needs a little maintenance TLC. It was good, the beds were very hard, we could have used more blankets and the villas should offer napkins and laundry detergent Unfortunately, we didn't get to see the sunset from there. The whole hotel has 2 buildings and i refused to believe that they had no other rooms available. Would have been better if the beach service is extended during summer. The toilet was behind it's own door, a definite plus. My mother was so happy with Marina Inn at Grand Dunes. When I booked the room I booked 1 King bed Grand Room. We were told we could pay if we could find metered parking somewhere else, sad. The large living room area had a fireplace, tv (each bedroom also had a tv), couch, and 3 chairs. Reviewer Comments: We rented this condo for our family of 8 and had a great time. It was a really nice and clean the bathroom was really big. We had one small issue and the rental company handled it immediately. We had a quick stay and didn't get to use any amenities. Our visit was unfortunately at the same time when Hurricane Joaquin was in the area, but having this kind of accommodation made up for the weather. The kitchen had plenty of counter space and cabinets, microwave, full size refrigerator, and dishwasher. Guests  at the Marina Inn at Grande Dunes, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, can practice their golfing skills on the on-site 18-hole course and those looking pamper themselves can choose one of the numerous treatments on offer at the spa. It is exactly as shown except the views are much better in person. This bedroom also had a sliding door to a balcony with 2 chairs and small table that faced an intracoastal waterway and golf course. The only issue I have is I like when the kitchen is a little stocked with basics (dish liquid, garbage bags, a packet of coffee for the morning would be nice. The only bad thing was  the checking  experience, our room wasn't ready at 4pm had to wait 2hours to get in the room.
There are various eateries and pubs within a close range from the hotel. Amenities include a luggage storage and fax/photocopying services, along with a lobby area and a computer. I had a room in the front on the main street, but I heard absolutely nothing. I don't know how they managed to get that room so sound-proof, but I was impressed. hotel clean and staff friendly, a 4 stop underground from city centre, 3 single adults stopping for 3 nights room clean and tidy, bathroom is small as we were all large adults not much room to dry off after having shower. I slept very well and there was plenty of hot water. Walk to Tourist area is about 50 minutes stretch and it is do-able! It used some strange dyn internet guard which blocked half of the sites I tried to open. The location, close to the Keplerplatz subway station, the Hauptbahnhof, and a grocery store was excellent, and the staff was very helpful. The laid-back rooms with wood furnishings feature free Wi-Fi, satellite TV and work desks, along with en suite bathrooms. It is a bit of walk from the Wien Hbf (20 minutes), or around 5 minute walk from Keplerplatz U1. TV is very old and only BBC World News - no other English Channels. A short walk from the  u bahn and shops nearby. Had to catch an early flight so easy to and from the station with luggage The hotel is very new, rooms are very clean and spacious, the room design is very modern. Caroline in Wien, Austria is four kilometres from Haus der Musik interactive museum and six kilometres from University of Vienna. Nicely located just outside of the centre but Metro station very close to the hotel and just 4 stops (a few minutes) to the heart of the city. A complimentary Viennesse breakfast buffet is served in the bright dining area. Enjoyed a few days in a quiet and clean room. Nice shops near by, quite away from tourist area, but there is a Metro just by the Hotel. But what was really amazing was how quiet the hotel was! Not only this is ridiculous, but the whole idea of a business hotel doing Internet filtering - which can't be turned off - is very questionable. I needed a little additional help like an iron and ironing board, since I was launching for a wedding,  The room was clean. The hotel offers guests in-room mini fridges and parking for a charge. Caroline is one kilometre from Vienna Central Station, two kilometres from Museum of Military History and three kilometres from Belvedere Palace. Children under two years old can stay free of charge.
He informed the front desk that he would be paying cash. If you are looking for value for money and not the Ritz Carlton then this is a good fit. Days inn is a nice hotel close to base with an outdoor pool. Had to wear shoes in the room or the carpet turned your feet black, had to shower in the dark with phone flashlight after clerk was notified is was broke, mold all over bathroom, when you walk in the smell of mildew is overwhelming! The shower wouldn't drain, the TV barely worked, and the faucets were so loose they were hard to use. It was in minutes of Air Force base, but the carpet was nasty in the tub was unclean. It was bearable for one night but as my title says, I will not stay there again. I hope they get on their cleaning and maintenance game Inspected 2rooms b4 settling on the one we stayed in. 2) Room was not cleaned the last 3 days we were there. The gentleman who checked us in / out was kind, but the room was not very pleasant. If that's not enough for you, what I'm unable to photograph is the smell of the room, the sound of the sticky floors, or the feeling of needing a shower to cleanse myself after being in their nasty shower. We had to wear our shoes at all times and even in the shower because it was also filthy! Asked for missing tv remote, was told it would take 2 hrs. There was mildew all over the shower,  The paint was peeling and different colors in the bathroom. She was a pleasure to see each morning and she was the only one to tell us what was going on in the San Antonio area. 3) I used my credit card for a friend to put a deposit on his room. The lady who put the breakfast together in the morning was the ONLY person who was friendly and helpful. Staff stated that there was nothing they could do to change their mistake. A room would typically cost $59 but jumps to $129 during weekends with a graduation ceremony. The location of our room was upstairs in the front, which is right next to the interstate, so we heard traffic all night long. Stains on the chair and ottoman and stains all over the carpet. I don't think the shower/tub had been properly cleaned for a good while if ever! Just a lil outdated but other than that it was fine I am aware there are much worse places; however, I would not stay here again. we got fed up with the condition we were sleeping in so we went down to tell the staff and they gave us a new room. I was locked in at $201.94 and ended up $303.52! The first night the heater in our room was not working. Other facilities include business center, a 24-hour front desk and free newspaper. Please know that I provided both photos and videos to the 17 year old staff on duty. The chair at the desk, as my boyfriend said, looked like it was taken out of a dumpster. The room smelled horrible and I ask for two room change and all still smelled. I will never stay here again & I would highly recommend to everyone to stay elsewhere! All rooms have en-suite bathrooms and offer facilities like cable TV, microwave, minifridge, tea/coffee maker and iron board. Sketchy area,  looked unsafe, room walls had chipped paint, moldy walls in bathroom, bad shower head with no water pressure, air conditioner smelled moldy,  room felt damp, everything was very uncomfortable. They took out the dirty towels but never replaced them, and we had to request towels every night, which they had the security guard bring. My sisters bed had bed bugs and the manager didn't seem to care too much. If you are going to Air Force BMT Graduation on a budget and want to be close to the base this motel will due. The room smelled bad, we had to plug in the lights upon checking in at night. Most of the front desk staff were not helpful    The breakfast was ok. The worker on duty when we arrived was very helpful on the other hand. Here is what I walked into in my room: 1) Ripped up upholstery on chair 2) Ripped lamp shade 3) Ripped curtains 4) A supposedly non-smoking room that smelled very smokey 5) A bandaid stuck to sheets 6) cigarette hole burns in sheets 7) room was not cleaned every day I was there, bed left unmade 8) prior occupant's depressant medication left on a table top  Maybe other rooms where far better cared for than mine. We packed anything of value in the car and took it with us every day. That is not enough of a reason to endure the conditions and stay here. The staff were friendly but that's all I have to say that's positive. This was spring break week and 85% of San Antonio was booked. When he went to check out he was informed his room was charged to my credit card. They didn't help me adjust the price nor tell me that my reservation had gotten messed up. Had I brought a black light I probably would've thrown up. It was very close to Airport base, a bed to sleep in but not clean at all. This place is pet friendly but my dog is so much cleaner and was dirty just from walking on the floors. I refused...the sink now wasn't draining and began leaking on the floor over night. Also, the prices fluctuate depending on what is happening in town. The rooms have their own air conditioners and spacious showers. Shower didn’t work, bathtub wouldn’t hold water to take a bath. There was an issue with the key to the room. People did check into and stayed in those rooms the next day. Great proximity to Lackland, OK if you’re not too picky. Guests may savor complimentary continental breakfast at the hotel and may also visit various fast food joints and restaurants located nearby. Low and behold that room had roaches running around the dresser and TV. He gave me good advice about our activities without me needing to ask. Mold on shower Smelly room Dirty base boards and edges of carpet Disgusting toilet- inside and out Thin rough towels  Not nice sheets Shall I go on? Dirty and mold all over the bathroom, reported to front desk they didn't seem to care. If my wife and kids were with me I would have left and stayed somewhere else. After that a night staff came on duty and he had security take me around to find a room that appeared to be decent. You will sleep better & your feet will be cleaner! He spilled a little water from his bowl & when I dried it with a towel the towel turned black! This is a hotel that is close to the base and knows the guest have to be there early to see their Airman. Stayed here because our son was graduating from Air Force Basic Training, so chose this hotel for its proximity to the base. Then I woke up to get to the AFB, no breakfast was ready, they had just started the oatmeal soup. Mildew was covered with paint, the iron didn't work, and some of the lights didn't work. SeaWorld San Antonio is 8.2 miles and Wolff Municipal Stadium and Joint Base San Antonio are within a 30-minute walk from the hotel. Some to know English, too much in a rush to even listen to you and your concerns. They gave him an 800 number to call but informed him that no one would be available until Monday. The room was not clean and the toilet was not working The hotel features an outdoor pool and offers free Wi-Fi access in public areas. Carpet dirty and peeling, office chair looks like it came out of a dumpster. I am also aware that you get what you pay for and as this motel was marked down from $90 to $39 for the night, I knew not to expect anything outstanding but this was disappointing. Want to charge you $35 search for a one hour late check-out. The best food they had was Raison Bread & the coffee. Upon arrival I received my first of  FIVE rooms which had mold all over the bathroom walls, second room had mold and electricity problems, third room upon turning on the lights in the bathroom there are roaches both big and small running rampant, fourth room upon entering I noticed that the window was open and the room had an order which was from a leaking pipe under the sink that had the carpet wet all the way into the bedroom area. They didn’t want to refund us and only gave us 10.00 discount and charged us a higher fee for the second night. We checked in after 10 pm and the man at the desk was rather rude. The carpet had giant tears in it, and they clearly haven't been cleaned/changed since the 90's. Toilet leaked at the foor in one, moldy tub in the other. We were a bit disappointed but they did offer to give us a different room. I couldn't bring myself to take pics of the gross stains on the walls, shower, and carpet -- it was best I kept the lights dim so I could pretend it wasn't that bad. I think I end up paying something in the high 70's per night. Ok for price paid this hotel is showing it's age. Sink would not drain and staff left it full of dirty water all day, had to fix drain plug myself. The bath / shower did not look very clean; my boyfriend used it but I did not. Since its was just me in town for a competition, I really did not mind the mold in the shower, the hard squeaky bed, or the base board coming off the wall in multiple spots. There was even mold in the lid of the ice bucket. I was last in San Antonio in 1998 and it's still looks pretty much the same. Noise from the highway, but that would almost be acceptable if the room was clean. The staff was nice and helpful, but building is dilapidated and in desperate need of either major remodeling or demolishing. I don't understand why they charge a pet fee when your pet leaves dirtier than when they arrived & it's not possible for a pet to do any damage to the carpet or room smell! When we checked into the room it had a musty smell. I didn't know that area at all and was looking in a particular price range. Broken hair dryer was fixed after second day, burn on carpet,  but great breakfast daily I was expecting the worse...prepared with bug spray and Clorox wipes. We had other family staying at another hotel for $6 more a night and it was nice , so we went over there to get into their hot tub and pool. I went to the office to report the problem and I was told she would get the list fixed while we were gone, When we return exhausted it was not done. The refrigerator was filthy on the outside (but did appear clean on the inside). I recently stayed for a trip,  was not impressed with the room. Hotel staff was quick to help out and fix it. This place is very close to Lackland AFB & that is the only positive thing to say. I am jut writing an honest review of the room I had. The pic I've included of the disintegrating chair should give you a good idea of the state of this place. The lady in the front was real nice or pleasant. The carpets are very dirty and will leave your feet black if you walk around in your room. Plus those living there on their weekly rate plan and the neighborhood were questionable. Days Inn San Antonio Near Lackland features a relaxing heated pool with a grilling area and offers free parking facility to cars and large vehicles. Even after telling them about all of these issues, they did nothing to make it right! Please do not stay here unless you have no other choice. The shower bar was broken and the curtain was sliding inward...water was flying out on the floor. When we got to our room we saw cockroaches on the walls, stains on the lampshades, curtains and floors.. the blankets smelled so bad we had to go buy our own. When I hopped into the shower the black mold was all over it. We were disappointed in the breakfast served: Allot of Oatmeal, Egg/cheese, 1 of 2 days stay they had waffles, no meats at all on both days. the whole hotel room in general smelled so horribly disgusting we had to buy a candle and air freshener. ...the only major complaint was the rug was filthy....needs total update but for the price....well worth it!! it didn’t smell as bad but we still weren’t comfortable and later saw cockroaches again. The room was good ,but the bathroom was kinda dirty (ie walls were dusty the tub n shower were dirty)  We stayed 4 days and the 3rd morning we woke up to roaches crawling out of the clock. The room had numerous stains on the carpet and walls. Stay closer to San Antonio and drive a short while to the base. The toilet kept backing up and overflowed the last night there,  The TV in the room did not work the first 2 nights and wasn't fixed until the 3rd day,  The carpet the room was nasty, The clothes hanger came out of the wall with nothing on it. Days Inn San Antonio Near Lackland is a budget hotel located along Highway 90 and within a 15-minute walk from Lackland Air Force Base and Wilford Hall Medical Center. But I would much rather have been further away to have a nicer/decent hotel. I provided the morning manager with all the videos and photos and he refunded the cost.
So we had to take a tram and as a result were late for a business dinner! Big rooms, good breakfast, helpful staff.Interesting layout being on the 7th and 8th floor. The 4-star H+ Hotel Leipzig, opened in September 2010, is on the 7th and 8th floor of the Gutenberg Gallery; as well as the central yet quiet location you have an impressive view over Leipzig’s skyline. We asked a taxi service from the reception and were given 5 minutes waiting time. We went out and there was no taxi for 25 minutes. The receptionist told us that she is not allowed to use other taxi companies!!! Then we went up to the reception and suggested to change the taxi company as that approach is not serious. Thanks to its central location, the H+ Hotel Leipzig is ideal for business travellers as well as for tourists. Breakfast buffet is good with lots of cold meats, fruit, vegetables and bread as well as hot food, cereals and yoghurts etc. So to Ramada is more important to please their business partners instead of pleasing their customers! This centrally located hotel is very clean, modern and quiet. Ideal, near city centre, good all round hotel, strangely only on 7th & 8th floor of pictured building Notwithstanding the sheer unprofessional and unreliable attitude of their taxi partner! Good wifi, fantastic breakfast  Out of town, not many restaurants around and they don't have one other than for breakfast The hotel has 121 comfortable bedrooms and 350 underground parking spaces with direct access to the hotel.
The hotel is across from a mall, which was convenient for shopping and quick meals. Steps from the Messe and minutes from the Main Tower, the Citadines City Centre Frankfurt offers stylish serviced apartments with private parking. A fitness centre and a business corner are available on site. I arrived very early in the morning and was allowed to check in immediately. The washer and dryer within the bathroom was much appreciated as we’d been traveling for more than a week. I didn't notice that they've cleaned the room while I was there,or changed the towels, but I'm all for being environmentally friendly, so I actually prefer that. It's an apartment hotel so you won't get your towels changed or the room cleaned everyday unless you pay extra but so what? In the first 2 nites the receptionist let us stay but after returning from munich late at nite they force us to take another room. The room was absolutely superb, spacious,beautifully furbished with everything you can ask for, though the bookfair pricing was a fairly high. I didn't have much time to spend in the room anyway, but that could have been fairly problematic, if someone goes there for business and can't access the internet. The WIFI was not working for the whole length of my stay, apparently due to a server error that affected the whole chain in Europe. I was attending the Frankfurt Book Fair and stayed in Citadines for 3 nights. It's easy to hit your head in the cupboards handle over the sink. Very comfortable and a reasonable rate for a 2 day business trip in Frankfurt. A fresh breakfast buffet is served daily, and guests can also enjoy their morning coffee out on the terrace. There’s a complimentary coffee machine in the lobby, which makes various drinks including cafe au lait. The popular Der Fette Bulle restaurant is ten minutes away by car. Great location ..shopping centre opposite..walk to main train station for long journey or walk to underground for local trips.Room was small but functional good for short stays I did around 10 minutes local city call and they charged more than 70 Euro, I was very upset in all hotels around the world, local calls are free and even if this is their policy they should write it in the phone directory at the room. Probably the biggest thing for me was the room was quiet - no hum from either the fridge or the Aircon. Room size is very comfortable with nice view full kitchen. Guests can choose between studio, one-bedroom, and two-bedroom apartments, each featuring a flat screen satellite television, free Wi-Fi, and a kitchenette with a refrigerator, dishwasher, and microwave. Donnas very luxurious   Bonus having the Skyline shopping Plaza over the road   Facilities were great at the hotel/apartment   Close walking distance from main station The Kleinmarkthalle, Frankfurter Romer, and Cathedral of St. Bartholomew are easily accessible via S-Bahn. Immediately opposite the Skyline Plaza shopping Centre which is open late. We stayed in a one bedroom unit and were pleased with the comfort and space for our family of four. Only a 2 min walk to the Hall 3 entrance to Messefrankfurt where the airport bus (Euro7.50, 20 mins journey) arrives and departs. When I asked for towels they brought them at the front desk and handle them to me in front of customers and asked me to take them to my room,,,, REALLY? I tried to reason with them since we are going to check out early in the morning at 5 Am please let us just stay in 1 room but they will not tolerate anything. Citadines City Centre Frankfurt welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk. First time I hear cleaning service is once a week, RIDICULOUS , they should write this information when they do the ad on Expedia. We stayed there for 4 nites in A 1 bedroom apartment. Nice and comfy room but expensive for the services provided. Very good location, clean, friendly staff and early check in. The Staedel Museum is a 30-minute walk or 10-minute drive. Bed was comfortable and therefore a good nights sleep 5 mins walking (cut through the shopping centre) to the messe. The construction sound is very disturbing and it is far from the public transportation. One bedroom rooms are spacious with well equipped kitchen and en suite laundry machines. The hotel is right across a big mall with many restaurants and shops.
They had no roll aways although I requested in advance so my oldest slept on the floor. I’ve stayed at hundreds of hotels and have never experienced anything like this. When we broke a bottle of red wine (a gift we had purchased), they cleaned it up entirely and very very nice about it. We were very pleased with this reasonably price hotel so close to the Atlanta Airport. IT WAS A NICE ROOM BUT IT COULD OF HAD BETTER SERVICE. Thin walls meant that we could hear the next room's tv at night while trying to sleep. For a pet friendly hotel, this was a very nice one....except there really is not a clean place for my pet to relieved himself. Housekeeping found boxes and tape so we could fly (We had driven from south Florida). Accessible rooms are available as are upgrade rooms adding a microwave and mini-fridge. The only complaint was the wifi signal in our room was very poor. The sink is outside of the bathroom so it will disturb everyone else if someone gets up earlier and gets ready. At this point I had to get a 3rd room assigned. What hotel doesn’t offer to bring a glass of water to its guest? The only thing we missed was USB ports in the room. Very personable and welcoming staff, even at 3am in the morning! I forgot to ask about international and they failed to tell me they did not shuttle to the international airport. I only stayed one night but the all of the staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed here because we were fraveling with a pet, and La Quinta doesn't charge an extra pet fee. I decided Atlanta was the destination and while this trip is pretty expensive, the quality of this trip was amazing. I went across the street to have dinner and upon returning found out that they had done the same thing with my room except the new people that were given the key to my room took my stuff out and left it at the front desk. nice ，cⅠean，Like room Decor。Good place for one day stay close airport。 It was slippery and I had to place a towel in the shower to offer more safety because there was absolutely nothing to hold on to. The breakfast was delicious and I like that it was served early enough that I could eat before leaving. We had a 11 hour layover and selected La Quinta in to stay in over night. Great breakfast, very clean, the next time  i return, i'll be there We were very pleased with this well designed, clean, friendly hotel. Motel 6 Atlanta – Airport North offers simple budget accommodation next door to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. we left our car in La Quinta's really nice long term parking  area as we flew off to Jamica. Be aware that breakfast starts at 7 am which seems odd since most of the people staying there were catching morning flights and missed breakfast. Check in was long and room keys did not work when we got finally got to the room. Not too happy about that for the price we paid!! Take a sound machine to drown out the planes taking off. I stayed one night before a flight with my wife and 3 kids ages 5, 10, and 13. Very convenient to the airport and had a great place to eat within walking distance. The breakfast was fine if you just want cereal/yogurt/muffins but if you're looking for a good cooked breakfast, we wouldn't recommend this hotel. Our room's door had to be forced to close all the way - and then wouldn't lock! Very nice hotel, clean and quiet with easy and fast access to Atlanta airport. Hotel staff and security staff were very friendly and professional and always available for any questions or needs. There's really nothing else needs to be said, it was excellent deal and stay. They then lost my paperwork and I waited another 20 mins to get the key to my 3rd and final room. Unfussy air-conditioned rooms all include an en suite bathroom, desk, cable TV and free local calls. The rooms were clean but there was a rust stain on the bathroom wall beneath the handrail in the tub. First time to drive to Atlanta and stay at this location. So I wanted to go somewhere that not only involved somewhere I've been before, but somewhere that was affordable for someone like me working 2 jobs with tons of bills. Also, the cleaning crew were doing a great job with making sure the carpet in the hallways were clean and smell fresh. It was close to the airport and there were several restaurants within walking distance. The welcome approach is encouraging.I felt relaxed .The staff were humble,They answer me promptly .The records were checked and booking confirmed..I got to my room ,seeing the enticing  environment made me to sleep off immediately. We were able to park our car at the hotel for 5 dollars per day and take a shuttle right to our terminal at the airport. Shuttle to airport was great too (but you need more visible signs on the bus which was a little hard to spot) The hotel is nice and 10 minutes from the airport. Shuttle pick up from the airport  is at Zone 2...15 and 45 after the hour. Very nice staff and close to airport Very accommodating to my early check in need The hotel stay was so much better than I expected it to be. When my 98 yr old aunt fell out of bed, the staff came and helped me lift her back into bed. Several restaurants you can walk to and plenty of parking. We have stayed at several of the lower cost hotels around ATL over the years and find this property to be the best in cleanliness, room size, over all condition, parking, and access to the airport. The staff was very professional, the room was clean, spacious & comfortable. My stay at your hotel was very pleasant, and the staff were very accommodating. I hated the fact that when I called the hotel lobby and requested for a glass of water, I was told by the front desk attendant that this hotel does not do that. My daughter was here for the weekend to visit a college. I was first given a key for a room that was occupied with another guest, it was very disturbing walking in on another individual. The pool is closed seasonally until May (we were there for spring break and the kids were hoping to swim). They offer long term parking for $5 a day and have a shuttle every half hour to the airport starting at 4:30am. my husband had an international flight and when I asked if there was a shuttle to the airport they said yes. I had planned to use the park and ride option, but realized when I arrived that the shuttle only goes to the domestic terminal. There also are several restaurants in walking distance and gas stations close for refueling the rental car. A very modern decor so we figured they would have them. Non-smoking Motel 6 Atlanta – Airport North is just off highway I-85 and within ten miles of downtown Atlanta, where visitors can sample southern cuisine plus a wide choice of shopping and entertainment options. Facilities include an outdoor swimming pool, elevators, 24-hour reception with vending machines, business center and a launderette. I really enjoyed my stay, the breakfast was better than I thought it would be. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly, the beds are very comfortable, great breakfast. When they were taking off going West, you could hear them. We paid $10 per day to leave our car there and took the shuttle to the airport. Make your own mini waffles was a hit with the kids. Guests can enjoy free on-site parking, free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle bus to make the two-mile journey to the airport. The free breakfast was delicious and the room was very comfortable. My only issue was that it said room for 5 but that wasn't true. The room was okay and the location was convenient for the airport but we were not impressed with anything. That next morning the breakfast team were very helpful and delightful to talk to. This was a perfect hotel for an overnight stay en route to another destination. The shower was even made of glass and great and super-fast check in experience. They let us have a late check out, so we could go directly to our flight and not have to still around in the airport. We had a sound machine so were able to sleep with no problem. The only thing we didn't like was the air freshener smells which were very strong in the lobby and the room. The hotel maintenance crew repaired most of the problems that were present in the room except the dresser draws kept sticking and I had to set on the bed to close the draws with my foot. Maintenance had to be called multiple times to fix it. The service was excellent especially the front desk , they were very courteous and attentive, love it The hotel was perfect for what we needed-a one night stay waiting for an early morning flight. Then we decided to stay again when we flew back into Atlanta before driving home the next morning. And, this extra service was all during a time that the hotel was completely filled with stressed out folks evacuating in advance of Hurricane Irma.
Happy overall but room on fifth floor had a constant low level exterior noise which for some could be annoying. This is my second, and last, stay here as both times I was put in a room I specifically requested not to be put in. We stayed for 3 nights to celebrate my wife’s birthday. We had easy access to the Bart station to watch the Warriors, could walk to the SFMOMA and to the Embarcadero, and used Uber to get everywhere else. However there were protesters outside that started in at about 7:30 and would not stop, extremely loud. Fisherman’s Wharf is three kilometres away, with the Golden Gate Bridge reachable in a 20-minute drive. nice view, clean rooms, excellent customer service, huge tv, best beds ever.. I had to have service come up and show me, which they did with great courtesy. I did not like the fact that hotel does not have parking. Each has its own sitting area, many with city or bay views. A lovely hotel experience in the middle of the Financial District very close to Market, North Beach, and the Embarcadero. In addition, there wasn’t a microwave or coffee maker in our room. Fantastic hotel in a great location close to lots of great activities. Hotel staff was really dishonest when they found out it. High quality hotel with a high price but worth it. They allowed a very early check-in as they had availability. There is also a 24-hour front desk and an on-site fitness centre. I guess its my fault for unlading the for myself. This Meridien hotel is very good -- a great location for walking to many of San Francisco's sites such as the Ferry Building, North Beach, and Chinatown. There were no explanations of how the lights in my room worked, or how the phone functioned. We especially loved hearing French spoken by many in the hotel (Air France has a contract for their airline staff to stay at the hotel). I was upset that this hotel charges for WiFi when I paid $300 a night. The accommodation is a ten-minute walk of Chinatown, the Embarcadero, and the Ferry Building. The hotel was nice, but there was a labor dispute going on and protesters were constantly using blow horns to wake everyone up in the mornings so I wish I would have stayed somewhere else because I could not sleep or concentrate for work with all the noise going on. We're given free upgrade of room which made our Christmas break really awesome!!! This was our second stay here and is now one of our favorite places to stay. People have even have party in the room in midnight. It is within walking distance to the Ferry Building and the Exploratorium and about a mile and a half from Pier 39. The room was very clean and the bed was super comfortable. I do think the $10 delivery charge on the room service bill, plus included gratuity seems a bit high but maybe that is standard in San Fran. The room was spacious and we had a view of the Bay Bridge. I’ve always stay at high end hotels for sometimes less expensive then this one and it wasn’t accommodating. The on-site Park Grill serves breakfast and lunch in elegant surroundings, with stunning city views. On checking in they put us on a low floor next to the ice machine despite my request for a high floor away from the ice machine. Attractive hotel, nice staff, delivered whatever I needed (coffee pot). The 360 en-suite bedrooms and suites are decorated in warm colours and feature granite bathrooms. The staff were all great and the room was huge and clean! In the heart of San Francisco’s financial district, Le Meridien San Francisco offers contemporary accommodation and state-of-the-art facilities for hosting conferences and events. During the week, lots of morning coffee options but not so on the weekend. Radios and flat-screen televisions are supplied, with pay-per-view channels, safes, and wired and wireless Internet connections all available for a supplement. This hotel was perfect, clean, well appointed and a good value. Location in Financial District bit far from main shops andattractions, but great for waterfront. Wish it was closer to union square but overall I loved everything about this place I would totally stay there again next time! I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel to those looking for a quiet area to stay yet close enough to local bars/lounges and great restaurants. The last night I was staying in the hotel a union protest broke out around 7:30am. staff of hotel provide disappointing service, especially their staff of restaurant. Room description says refrigerator, but it is stocked with minibar stuff so can't put your own wine in it. We had a overnight stay here after a long day of travelling. Room service was efficient and the food was very good. A bit spendy but hey, I'm from the Midwest so San Francisco is sticker shock to me on just about every level, Still all in all a great place Also to charge $62.00 a night for Vallet parking when your already staying there is ridiculous. This was my first time staying at Le Meridien, I enjoyed my experience! Very nice hotel centrally located in Financial District near Ferry Building. Nice stay in the Luxury Queen Suite 22nd floor--great view of the Bay Bridge to Coit Tower. Hotel staff at check in very accomodating allowing for a couple of hour extension for a late check out following day. Very large window with lots of natural light in the room. No apology from check-in counter for the lack of assistance from the $70 per night valet...but did receive a little attitude from the desk person when we had to dig through the luggage cart to find our credit cards. Nice location in the financial district within walking distance of some of SF's great neighborhoods and easy access to mass transportation. The room was more spacious than most other hotel rooms in the city and we had a wonderful view of the Bay Bridge from the 18th floor. Great all around from check in till the point when we left we will so serene and relaxing definitely will be back It was a pleasure trip & we enjoyed it tremendously. Felt the hotel was skimpy with towels- only one set per person. Good location, staff can be improved...better trained and more professional The suites are amazing, the entire staff from day 1 to day 3 were all so nice and happy. We staycationed in SF and this was the perfect location to enjoy downtown and the Ferry Building restaurants. Fortunately, we got to the hotel early and instead of getting a room on the 20th floor that would have been a normal size room, we got a suite with balcony on the 8th floor (corner unit) with amazing views of the bay bridge and Oakland hills. Although I made a reservation for two people, but my room is for one. Hotel is average for the price point but the staff are very friendly and accommodating. No coffee making provisions in room with a card for one complementary  coffee provided at check in and note to say coffee maker can be provided on request. Not a bad location for tourists--Chinatown, Embarcadero, Union Square, BART/Muni within walking distance. So needless to say I was not happy about that. FYI it is near an SF fire department station soooo it can be noisy at times. We got a great rate on Expedia and were extremely pleased with our stay. The 2nd night I upgrade the suite to the NEW YORK Suite. Beautiful, modern hotel in the heart of the financial district. A little loud at nigh, but that is the city. After calling the front desk we were moved to a higher floor away from the noisy ice machine. Although minor, in my view, cofffee making in room should be standard in a 4 star hotel. also because of the location, it can be noisy at night. I flew up to San Fran to see my girl friend for 3 days and booked this hotel. The hotel is situated close to Union Square and SFMOMA and Chinatown. Felt rumbling when in bed- vibrations coming from somewhere in hotel- machinery? The water barely drips out of the sink, but the shower was ok. Our room was never vacuumed during our stay, and when I noticed some debris under the coffee table I picked it up and cut my finger on a piece of glass! Le Meridien San Francisco hosts no fewer than 15 function and meeting rooms with a maximum capacity of 225. After five more minutes we grabbed a luggage cart and unloaded our luggage our selves. Guests can also savour Mediterranean flavours in the flamboyant Bar 333. My boyfriend and I were spending the weekend in SF and so happy that we chose this hotel. We checked in very late at night of one night after a long flight.
We decided to try the in house restaurant, BIG mistake, VERY over priced, service sucked  if you were not wearing a suit or similar attire, forget service. I know that surrounding hotels have bigger suites for a cheaper price. Had to make call to Hotels.com to get it corrected The staff was not friendly.Terrible smell in the hallways. Other hotels have it ready as soon as you get there even if their check in is at a later time. Upon arriving, we were given a disgusting pack n' play crib for our child....however this was corrected before the second night. It was cold in Houston that day dropping to 30. Not the greatest, but pretty solid hotel for the cost. The Hilton Houston North is located in the Greenspoint Business district and is a short 25 minute commute to Houston’s central business district. The tub did not drain well, so when you shower, you are standing in water. I do not stand the best option considering that it is a Hilton This hotel as with all hotels need to be clear about if they need additional funds or deposit from you and what that amount would be... so people are prepared.. the person in front of me was having issues with this even though they prepaid there room The room was great, the price was fair, and the location suited our needs. Only thing I would say is a downer is the check in. Walls between our room and the adjoining room were pretty thin. I waited to check out, was not even acknowledged as one girl talked on the phone and another was checking in a guest (at 6:00 a.m.). Walking distance to the mall and movie theater for a little distraction. The suite we had on the 15th floor was much more than we expected for the rate we got. Parking is free and business travelers have unlimited access to the business centre. We turned on the heat like anyone would had done and waited. Called for the airport shuttle and had to wait 20 minutes (shuttle driver was a nice guy). I'm pretty sure it was the security guard making his rounds but it woke me up every 20 minutes all night long. One major flaw - you have pay for the internet (ok, i get that) but the internet service, even after paid for is terrible and the Hilton knows it. the hotel is not bad but the bathrooms are old they should be renovated. I did not have any issues while staying in the Hotel which is something that I value. The door was opened and let slam shut all night long. Had two special requests and both were taken care of quickly. I would Choose not to drop off my wife at the entrance because if the thugs hanging out at the entrance i will not be back is in a very bad part of Town. Staff were great and a nice lobby organized for work which my group of 4 used consistently when we were not with clients. I will be staying here for the Houston open next year as well! We were told there would be a complimentary breakfast on the 16th floor and there was none. The Hilton Houston North offers a complimentary shuttle service to George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) which is a short 8 miles from the hotel. Shuttle runs to each terminal every 30 mins, no need to schedule. Our room was not cleaned the second day we were there, due to the staff attempting to clean at 6pm, while we were gwttunf ready for a wedding, but overall we had a good experience. I also was not allowed to use the internet, normally free as a Gold member, but was told I had to pay for internet use because I booked through a third party. There was blood on the bathroom floor during our initial night, and the toilet had not been cleaned on our last night. Modern rooms feature access to Wi-Fi, work desk, air-conditioning and Hilton Serenity Bed collection. Bottom line - DO NOT book a Hilton stay through Travelocity, better yet avoid Hilton altogether! I found the rooms small (and I booked a suite). I was given a terrible room at the end of the hall next to the stairwell door. The bathroom had drainage problems, the fixtures were rusted, the heat in our room barely put out heat. As a Hilton Honors member, these conditions were not a good reflection of the Hilton brand. They say they are working on it, but if the internet is mission critical to your stay in Houston, bring a hot spot or choose another hotel until they can guarantee you that it is fixed. Also, ran a metal shaving that was stuck in the carpet into my foot. No jetted tub rooms as described and paid extra for on Hotels.com... and every other major 3rd party booking site. If all you want is a room to sleep, this may be ok. Was satisfied then and am pleased with my stay this time. Will book here again the next time I'm in town. Our room was very nice, we arrived on our way to Galveston for a cruise. The heating systems in rooms are old and don't all work. So front desk downgraded us to a single room after verifying the heat was working and we moved over at 11:30pm. I asked for a Gold level room but was told I could not have one because I booked through a third party. They didn’t bother calling back the first 2 times I needed anything in room so I don’t expect it now. Great location, and includes free shuttle service to and from IAH airport. Its hard to believe rooms are not available till after 3pm and not a minute sooner. You feel like you could be mugged at any second. In the evening enjoy a drink at the Vino wine bar before sampling its dinner menu. I asked for a better room the next night and was given another room on a different floor yet again next to the stairwell door. Engineer was called up to fix but he could not fix the suite nor the bedroom. The music was so loud in the lobby that I stood outside to wait for the shuttle back to the airport. Engineer said it was broke and that all the systems in this hotel are old and need replacing. There was a black mold stench on the 6th floor ice machine area which was overpowering. I only stayed in the hotel for 1 night, but it was a gorgeous hotel that was only about 10-15 min away from the airport. Ate at restaurant, and while a little pricey, food was excellent! Beautiful hotel, the best in the North Houston area that I have seen. Even though they clearly have given that info out to all the booking websites. Unless they Bother to call me back and make it right I can only say don’t stay here if you expect any customer service. Trying to get work done, online was virtually impossible because of the poor wifi signal. The on-site Starbucks will kick start the day with any favorite coffee and breakfast, lunch and dinner is served in the Cafe restaurant. I like rock music but this was over the top for for 6:00 a.m. On the inside this hotel is fairly nice clean and good size rooms. By the way, they no longer recognize Hilton Honors status if you book on Travelocity or other sites that give you a better rate than Hilton's website. The room was ok but certainly not what you expect from a Hilton. You'll be rolling the dice on a room that works. The room did not feel very clean and there were stains on the carpet. Managers at Hilton didn’t care and said it wasn’t there problem. The employees did not make us feel welcomed, otherwise the stay and transportation was good. We awaken pretty late at night by the guests in the adjoining room the first evening we were there but they checked out the next morning so the rest of our stay was perfect. The outdoor pool was inviting except i did not have the time. First, if you are a Hilton rewards member DO NOT book through Travelocity as they will not give you the benefits or credit due to booking through a third party. people are nice there for  business projects ,in my experiences ,trust place will recommended The food at the lobby restaurant was so-so but decently priced (by hotel-restaurant standards, anyway); the service at said restaurant a bit below so-so. Once we arrived to the room we noticed that it was very cold. Got to the front desk and was treated more as an inconvenience than a guest. That I was the 30th call with 9 more after me. Clean room and common areas, very nice staff and hotel was located quite close to the highway, food and stores. I was the 4th customer being moved to a new room. Maintain any fitness regime in the on-site gym or swim a few laps in the pool to maintain fitness. We stayed here the night before boarding a cruise ship from Galveston. Our initial check was expeditious and the staff was very friendly. Houston's famed local attractions such and the Museum of Natural Sciences, NASA Space Centre and the Houston Zoo are also only a short distance away. There was extra fees and no comforter on the bed and small pillows. The room they gave us smelled like urine...my guess is because they allow pets and there is carpet in the rooms which need to be cleaned or possible update their carpet.
Whatever you many not love about the hotel which could be décor or location or whatever it is completely made up by such unforgettable service. When we arrived they knew who we were, upgraded us to the top room with amazing views of Paris and to top it off there was a plate of macarons and a lovely note. Service was top notch as the hotel staff made my daughter feel special with nice gifts in room. You can spend half the price at other hotels, even on the same block and have the exact same experience. said  we can not, only 1 blanket per room  I am not writing this because I am disgruntled or something really bad happened, it is just not worth half of what they charge a night, do your self a favor and book somewhere else. So for $300.00 a night USD in Paris there is not hotel better. Renaissance Paris Arc de Triomphe Hotel is situated very close to Ternes Metro Station, which gives easy access to Montmartre. The hotel has its own business centre and meeting rooms, while guests can also workout in the fitness centre. We stayed in Paris for 5 days at the Renaissance Arc de Triomphe Hotel. A very close walk to the Champs and Arc de Triomphe. Only minus point was that there was no bathtub- bathtub should be furnished in the better room. Not sure if that de-priorutised us, but our room was hardly cleaned and none of the used glasses etc were changed during our stay. The staff in the hotel as well as the restuarant went out of their way to make our stay perfect for us. However, each of the nights I found the room was missing something which bothered me a somewhat, ie a floor towel on the first night, bottles of water on the second, and paper to write down notes on the third. Our room was spacious and comfortable and included a very small balcony which is till better than no balcony at all. The Makassar restaurant offers French-Indonesian cuisine and a buffet breakfast is served every morning. The free breakfast was beautiful and done really well with many choices. To be fair, it seems that many if not most hotel rooms suffer from all or some of items 1), 2), 3). This is a low class hotel and should charge a budget rate, not a 5 star rate. But can easily imagine its so nice to sit in the terrace on the summer evening. Great place to stay - this hotel made our first Paris trip feel luxurious! The location is perfectly located next to Arc De Triumph, with plenty of restaurants and very close to Champs Elysees. The location is very convenient, the hotel serves a big breakfast, the staff is willing to help. Staff lovely friendly helpful and accommodating  Hotel well located to subway and easy access to sightseeing and shopping I search for the hotel with good reviews when I decided to get a package deal to see Paris ( my second time and my daughter's first). From the moment we arrived, the staff demonstrated a level of professionalism and courtesy one would expect from such a prestigious name as Renaissance. We finished a two week European vacation with five nights here. Upon check out we simply mentioned it and they removed $75.00 from our bill. We booked a suite which was advertised as accomodating 3 adults. The room was tiny and the option for the third adult was a rollout at the foot of the main bed - which would allow hardly any space for 3 sets of luggage let alone space for us all to move. Location is excellent close to the arc de triomphe and champs elyze. Cumbersome, could get burned and/or knock one of the appliances over. Renaissance Paris Arc de Triomphe Hotel is situated near to the Champs Elysées, with views of Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. I travel a lot for business and generally do not review hotels, but this one definitely stood out. I have stayed at the Ritz in Paris, Hotel Le Meurice in Paris, these are thousand dollar a night rooms. We all wanted to watch a movie and management sent up blankets and pillows so we could all be comfortable. Received a nice surprise of desserts, wine and macrons for my wifes birthday! The location was near the Ternes and Charles de Gaulle Etoile metro stations and within walking distance of several great places to eat and drink. However, was just one fairly large room, not what I would call a suite. Close enough to major attractions yet not right in the middle of the crowds. It might have been because the hotel was pretty full those nights and the housekeepers were busy to get the rooms turnarounded quickly. The hotel staff is very friendly the rooms were nice and it is convenient as located very close to a metro (5 minute walk) and we used the metro all over Paris. I appreciate the little touches in the room - the bathroom decorations, the treats on top of the bed after the room was made, and the excellent service. Yes, I could have called to get those, but the fact that those were missing in the first place makes it a disappointment. Room was clean and adequate--although the descriptor Suite is a bit misleading (Junior Suite). Oh, and the mini garden terrace looks very bright although I couldn't go outside due to the cold air unfortunately. I am going to tell it to you directly as it is. Also, a few annoying inconveniences: 1) too few outlets, had to unplug lights to be able to charge our devices; 2) too few hooks/towel bars in the bathroom; 3) poor overall room lighting--especially in the center of the room; 4) location of the coffee maker and the hot plate (for hot water) were stuck in a very small cubicle with only one outlet, so had to reach in the back to switch. Soundproofed guestrooms feature an MP3 station, flat-screen TV, work desk, minibar, coffeemaker and premium cotton sheets. My cousin and I booked our entire Paris trip through Travelocity, and this hotel came highly recommended. The best part are friendly, profesional and English speaking staff. The heating system was very poor.The room didn’t have a heater The front desk staff and concierge are very helpful with planning an itinerary for your stay. The hotel staff were amazing, my flight was arriving in late so I emailed them to let them know, I also mentioned it was a surprise gift for my partner. Two dishes were not right but still really good an edible. Truly a great stay with excellent service from start to finish. If this hotel were in America it would be a 3 star $100 a night hotel. A bit pricey but it's worth it for comfort and location alone. They listened and communictaed with excellence and accommodated our needs as well. Meanwhile, the hotel is a 10-minute walk from the iconic Champs-Elysees, with its shops, cafes and cinemas. Room service had a slight hiccup because we complicated the order with so many meals and American requests. The facilities itself are in line of what you expect from a hotel of this standard. The Eiffel Tower and shopping at Galeries Lafayette are a ten-minute drive away. The reason for the trip was because we both love macarons and this was our first ever trip together. The hotel is conveniently located close to the Arc de Triomphe and Ave de Champs Élysées. Yes the food at one of the above referenced hotels may have been better but it would have also cost three times as much. We had our family meeting us in Paris so we had many people in the room at different times. They say room for 3, but each day there was only ever 2 towels to use! Great staff, great service, great location, great gym, great room quality, great restaurant! I give such thanks to the management for making our trip so special. The hotel is a nothing nice, or special at all. Wanted a centrally located hotel close to Metro and landmarks. Came here for our anniversary, it was great and the service was amazing. They are beautiful and very French but could not hold a candle to the Renaissance Arc de Triomphe for service and cleanliness. Despite the high cost, I would be inclined to return to this location in the future. Some have balconies or floor-to-ceiling windows and all offer Wi-Fi and complimentary daily newspapers. They couldn’t do enough for us, cabs, recommendations, and concern for our pleasant time in Paris The restaurant is garbage, the rooms did not get cleaned properly, They refused to bring us a 2nd blanket. Surprised my wife with trip to Paris for our 35th Wedding Anniversary. Every wish, every request was granted and we had a lot of them. The staff was so helpful and friendly when explaining the service included in my packege (she is Italian but speaks fluent English). Ms. Marie LeRoux specially was very instrumental in providing us with what we were looking for. The Arc is only about a block away, it’s central to shops, restaurants, and a farmer’s market, and the staff/concierge was on top of things.
It was one mile from the Alamadome where we were going for a venue. We played games in the living room part of the room with 6 people, plenty of seating! Expensive  $27/day parking,  better to park in structure across street if not using car $17/day but charges start again every time you enter. BREAKFAST ,YUMMY, GREAT STAFF, AND A GREAT DINNER.TOO STAFF AT THIS PLACE IS, AS NICE , AS WE HAVE BEEN(WE BEEN A FEW PLACES). Hotel is on the Riverwalk and close to places you would want to visit. Steps from the Alamo, the Homewood Suites by Hilton San Antonio Riverwalk Downtown offers modern, family friendly accommodations in a historic building overlooking the water. Guests enjoy a daily hot breakfast buffet on the house, as well as complimentary drinks and snacks at the evening social, held four nights a week. I also thought breakfast could've been better--the eggs were always too funny and the saisage didn't taste right. Definitely not what  i Spect ,  there is no choice on parking just by Valet parking xtra   $30 and no food service. But the front desk told us to come down and they would give us some. We enjoyed our stay very much and would choose the same hotel if we visit San Antonio again. Wife and I thought full beds were very uncomfortable, but other than that we really enjoyed the hotel. We stayed in 11 hotels and motels from March 8 to March 25. Breakfast buffet is nice, the same breakfast as at the Hampton Inns. The spacious one-bedroom and two-bedroom suites each feature complimentary Wi-Fi, a flat-screen cable television, and a full kitchen with a stovetop, refrigerator, dishwasher, and microwave. He definitely  went  way  beyond  just  helping  and  I  will  always  (fondly)  remember  my  stay. Many popular restaurants, including Bella On the River and Biga On the Banks, are steps away. Liked the location as it was near the good part of the Riverwalk. Away from some of the overcrowded, busy areas, but easily within walking distance of all shopping and restaurants. Love this place because of the quiet location on the river. It is on the riverwalk on a quieter section (no restaurant or bar noise). Overall loved our stay and will go back next time in San Antonio. Some upgrades to a more modern look would be nice. Good place if you need to stay for a number of days. I know I should have paid for just a little nicer hotel and you could definitely feel and see the difference. Close to everything on the river walk no need to drive. Great location to river walk and not to far from convention center. They did have Texas shaped waffles that made up for it, though. It kept kicking me off and wouldn't work for the two days were were there. Our room was fabulous and the staff was very helpful. The Spanish Governor's Palace, Rivercenter Mall, El Mercado, and the famous Riverwalk are also within a comfortable stroll, while a short drive takes guests to SeaWorld, Six Flags Fiesta Texas, or the San Antonio Zoo. Great view of the River Walk from the lobby but not from our room - windows are not floor to ceiling in rooms. Unfortunately we missed the social evening events due to a weekend trip. Happy hour was fun with lots of beer, margaritas and snacks. But buffets were good and the senery from dinnery always pleasant. Thought the food and beverages in the mini-store were very reasonable. While Homewood suites is on the quieter end of the Riverwalk it is still very convenient to most major sites. We enjoyed the stay .. Hotel personnel was fabulous ! The room could use a little update but it was fine. Staff from housekeeping to front staff were great, they even scanned and emailed a document for me when I got into a bind. The outside of the hotel look really old and outdated but the inside is fairly big and nice. 2 or 3 blocks from the clubs and crowds, walkable if you choose to do that. The  stay  was  more  than  great  !! I  want  to  give  a  special  thanks  to  Todd  (manager)  for  helping me  retrieve  my  electronic  car  keys  and  forwarding  them  to  me  in  the  Bay  Area. The bathroom wasn’t all that clean - we found pubc hair that wasn’t ours in the shower! When we arrived, we had some trouble with the icemaker working. anyway great place super cool we will stay there again period, just, put some shade on the roof........ Great view of river walk & access to walking it & the city sites& restaurants. The hotel is next to so many restaurants and walking distance to the Alamo. Besides the issue with the wifi, we had a great stay. Checked in on friday around 6pm and we went to sleep aorund 10 so the next day we were gone to about 3 and when we got back we were expecting room to be clean and it was not called front desk to ask what happened and she said it will be shortly 45 minutes later called again and told them not to even worry about it cause it was to late,and to just send us some towels and soap so that was why i rate ok. Check in and check out was easy,  Breakfast very good. the hotel overall was great the staff was very friendly and the rooms were very nice i will most defenitly be staying here again in the summer. This was the nicest of the bunch and it was not the most expensive. The Homewood Suites San Antonio-Riverwalk features a sparkling rooftop pool, fitness center, coin laundry, and concierge desk. Hotel is great for families and there were a lot of families staying there. Breakfast and Evening happy hour welcome on the week days is a big plus. We were in one of the one bedroom suites and they are very spacious. Breakfast was ok. We didn’t find the bed that comfortable.
days  it was  fantastic  food choice was great for dinner .and breakfast. Medplaya Balmoral is a hotel in Benalmádena on the Costa del Sola. Each of the 210 rooms spanning seven floors offer a television, telephone, safe box (extra fee), toiletries, and available cots. Not bad for the money .The best thing about the hotel is it's location .Staff were all nice and helpful Nice relaxed atmosphere, no rules and regulations like some big hotels, this hotel is very clean and in an ideal location, we had a sea view twin room with a balcony on the 6th floor, room 624, we stayed there 8th to the 13th Feb 2017, the food was very good always a good choice, we had Yorkshire puddings and roast chicken one night, the breakfasts are very good, they serve crispy bacon and normal rashers but it is streaky bacon, sausages passable, with the evening meal I got a bottle of house wine for 7.40 Euro which I think is a very good price for a hotel, if you don't manage to drink it that night you can save it for the next night, they just put a sticker with your room number on it, I took mine up to the cabaret room, they didn't seem to bother about that even though there is a bar in there. All round a very enjoyable stay would definitely book again For the price we paid couldn't ask for anything more. Medplaya Balmoral offers an on-site restaurant with buffet-style dining offering international and Spanish fare. Full board and they make you to buy water how funny is that Very friendly hotel , reception staff brilliant,  cleaner ladies very hard working and always with smile. The rooms were noisy and you can hear everything going on in every room and upstairs seemed to live an elephant who at 2 in the morning put up shelves and moved furniture around. Usual noise issues (door banging and scraping furniture)  but did put me in a room at end of corridor as i asked for a quiet room. There is also a game room, two swimming pools with sun beds, and free Wi-Fi throughout. Additionally, Torrequebrada Golf Course is beside the hotel, while a 10-minute walk will deliver guests to Benalmádena Casino. BATH AND SHOWER VERY NEW.THE VIEWS FROM MY BALCONY WAS JIST AMAZING. T.V AND RADIO MUSIC CHANNEL WERE VERY GOOD AND IN ENGLISH. I understand also the cleaners have a job to do but we felt pressured to get out of our room and there is only 2 of us so happy if the room was not made up everyday. It's a family friendly hotel not really suited for older couples. This accommodation is also known as Balmoral Benalmadena, Hotel Balmoral Benalmadena, Hotel Balmoral Benalmadena, and Costa Del Sol. The accommodation is basic but offers everything as a base. In fact breakfast was so bad I ate breakfast out everyday without the clanging of cutlery. The pool is lovely but even better, it's a few minutes to the beach. After a positive start and good room location the rest went down hill. Breakfast was cold and I was pointed to a microwave, milk was warm and staff were not helpful at all. That was changed to room with partial sea view.Lots of restaurants close to hotel.Breakfast was only fair.Plenty of selection but food very cold. The beach is only 50 metres from the entrance, and the Port of Benalmádena is also close by.
I assumed it was on a timer switch as I was out most days until late, I didn't notice until the temperature dropped rapidly. In only a ten-minute walk, guests can reach Grosvenor Casino and Kensington Square. The room was dirty and bottom of feet turned black from walking on the floor. Good location, and good value, though you get what you pay for. The room could have done with an update as carpet a little old and well-used looking but okay as a base. Standard clean  room  for 2 was surprisingly ' exceptionally'  small, even for a London hotel budget room. The picture of the rooms on the website are so much better than they actually are... not nice at all Only negative was in our room, which was right behind the lift, you could hear the electronic buzz of the lift all night and I think if anything longer than a one night stay that could have been an issue. 4- walls and ceiling so thin you could hear the conversations and footsteps of your neighbours though the night and in the morning... The hotel is close to underground stations and to bus stations, but far from center of London. Housekeeping that knocks on doors at before 8:30 AM despite do not disturb signs on those doors. A hot buffet breakfast is served each morning and features a wide variety of items including fresh fruit, juice, milk, bread, eggs and sausage. Opera Holland Park, Natural History Museum and Leighton House Museum and Art Gallery are a 15-minute walk away from 1 Lexham Gardens. Also, Wifi was often erratic hanging up now and then. Week long stay with my partner who was visiting London. The room was extremely small, noisy (Cromwell road traffic)... No curtains but ill fitting blinds letting light in throughout the night. I will definitely use this hotel again for what it offers and its location crazy small room with two beds no table or chair or space to store a suit case , crazy small bathroom with no room to move - In short uncomfortable For the money, it is a reasonable deal if you are going to spend most of the time out. We didn’t took shower during our 3 nights there and left disappointed! The bathroom was too small but that was something I could live with It would have been nicer if we could have checked in a little before 2pm, but the lady behind the counter was obviously stressed about something so we didn't push her. 1 Lexham Gardens is a boutique hotel situated in the trendy Kensington neighbourhood of West London. 3- Every thing was badly placed and in the way, electric socket, hairdryer not reaching the mirror, television in the middle of wall at soldier level in narrow space between wall and foot of bed. The room, bedding and towels were all clean.Check-in was friendly and helpful and breakfast was good value. But when we headed downstairs to our room we was very disappointed. Did not expect much for the price  but was very pleased with my overnight in a single room on the third floor. We complained to their info email and never received an apology or even responded back! The room wasn’t ready to check in which is at 2 pm. But, if you have some work to do also, this is not the right place. Suspect it will be upgraded, but till then cannot recommend. 2-I had booked it for an American friend of mine visiting London for the New Year... 1-The room was supposed to be ready at 14:00 but wasn't until 15:25 When I asked why we had to wait after having realised this, I was told without any apology for the wait and delay, that the hotel had 50 rooms and all of them could not be ready at the same time... It features well-equipped guest rooms and central location close to public transit options, restaurants, shops and attractions. It is at the moment a very expensive student hostel, no more. The night staff were unhelpful, the keys to the doors didn’t work, you may as well leave the window wide open, as the traffic noise and the wind blowing through it were a joke. This is not a hotel you want to spend much time at. Arrived to a really nice building with an amazing reception and the staff was very pleasant. Looking tatty, broken and grubby tiles, wardrobe door missing, broken window and kettle..rather shabby, and in need of lots of licks of paint. Breakfast is very satisfying and you better eat at the hotel to save money and time at the morning instead of eating outside. All rooms are non-smoking and feature en-suite bathrooms with complimentary toiletries. An ideal location (just about 5 min by walk from Earl's court location) and the room was very comfy. Nice clean stop emailing me about this review please for Christ sake Kids liked it, my son thought the sofa-bed was more comfy than his own bed. Carpet old and dusty - difficult for those with asthma. The reception area is open 24 hours a day and a communal lounge is on-site. It was fixed the day after I reported it despite being a Sunday which was good. We asked to change our room on the first day but they said we will send some one to fix it! We asked for managemet email which they refused to provide to us! If you want a cheap place to stay and don't mind it looking very tired, then a good choice. The room smelled awful, no bedside table... the bathroom was so narrow and I think my ipad has a larger screen than the tv. Dirty floors, blinds that where damp and dirty, over looking a building site, 5ft from the room window, large cobwebs and a lampshade that was turning black, walls that where dirty and had marks all over them and lipstick, the room was gray and not bright at all, the bathroom wasn’t big enough to swing a cat... I’m 6.1 and the bathroom is definitely not built for anyone of my size, all in all definitely NOT worth the £169 for one night. 3-the bathroom was new and clean, but minute, shower disappointing and small, no towel rail anywhere just a hook behind the door. A tiny shower barely big enough for one fit (not fat) adult. Thin walls that let you hear everything your neighbors are doing in the hallway and in their rooms. Guests also have access to laundry facilities, airport shuttle service and luggage storage. I had to wait 4 hours in lobby to be able to check into the room when I arrived. The radiator in my room was cold for the first 3 days. My room was quite noisy as it was near Cromwell Rd. Altogether a very badly appointed accommodation and a hotel I would not recommend until they get their act together... Very well situated, very close to the South Ken museums. Also included are flat-screen televisions, tea and coffee amenities and Wi-Fi internet. I didn't eat there so have nothing to add except the room was cleaned daily. Took a single room and must say I wasn't disappointed at all with this decision. My main problem was a lack of a table and chair, except for small coffee tables. The bathroom was literary 3 feet by 3 feet room with a sink toilet and stand up shower. Our bathroom and sink was plugged and we couldn’t use it during our time! We got at first very small room, but the staff were very nice and offered us a bigger room, which was a lot better.
You had not told us it had changed, so it was hard to find at first [and came at the end of a long drive, and had us caught up in the heavy traffic at the AT&T Centre. Dine on-site for the daily continental breakfast and venture out for later meals at Ed's Smok-N-Q BBQ, Teran's, The Terrace Club or El Rodeo Mexican Grill, all within a five-minute drive of the hotel. The facility looked like a new one if not new recently remodeled. Very close and convenient location to the A T and T Center. The exterior might confuse you but rooms are clean beads are new, good place to stay for a day or so Had a great stay and will be back next year. I couldn't get the shower to turn off so I had to take a shower and ibwanted a bath. It’s not near any restaurants but is near noisy traffic. Late check in was really slow but got it done. The hotel was not in a great part of town. Room was clean and spacious, king bed nice and comfortable. With AT&T Center just a three-minute stroll away, and less than thirteen minutes' drive from central San Antonio, the Travelodge San Antonio AT&T Center/I-10 East is superb for both business and leisure travel. Had a mini fridge, microwave, iron and ironing board all ready and working fine. Don't miss the nearby San Antonio River and River Walk, the historic site of The Alamo, Sisters Grimm Candlelight Ghost Tours, San Fernando De Bexar Cathedral, and the Majestic Theater, all within thirteen minutes' drive of the hotel. The hitel was small, but Iused just to sleep one night, the rioom was clean an the bed comfy. I stayed here to go to see my son graduate from Airforce basic training. Terrible room at first but then we were given a different one. But customer service was very good and pleaaant during our 3 day stay. The breakfast was not much to rave about but the coffee was good. Rooms vary in the number and size of beds at the Travelodge San Antonio AT&T Center/I-10 East, offering non-smoking or smoking options, some with disabled-accessible features. Checkin was slow and the desk clerk was not real friendly. No channel listing for the tv, they took the used towels the second day but didn’t replace all of them. Was really great price and rooms very clean...  great location... Other than that, this place is beautiful and brand new. Room was pet friendly, and hotel was very welcoming to our pet. Lacking service, small bathroom, relatively new building, but we will not stay again. Hotel features free Wi-Fi and parking, pet-friendly accommodations, an outdoor pool and self-serve laundry. The check-in desk did not recognise the booking reference we had. The hotel looked like a renovated motel because rooms were only accessible from the outside. Just an overnight stay for a business trip, but the location and price were just right. One of the locks on our door did not lock and the bathroom lights were on the outside of the bathroom. The check in process was unpleasant simply because it was 47 degrees outside and the front desk person made me go outside to the other side of the building where my husband parked to get his card( not his fault at the location my husband chose, just not something I’ve had to do at check in). Hotel was near I-10 so it was easy to get places. The hotel was clean and decent from the inside, my only real issue was the part of town the hotel was located in and the fact that it felt like a motel which is not what I paid for. We did not have breakfast, but it looked nice with waffles, apples, cereal, muffins, etc. Room was good, really noisey from being so close to the freeway and busy street.
The staff was very nice and accommodating, and the room was very clean. The hotel was newly renovated and I really enjoyed my two stay. It was a great place to stay to catch an early flight. The bathtub was pretty gross, but nothing more than just grime. Later got a call from staff bending over backwards to try to do anything else to make it right. The AC didn't work properly, I woke up numerous time in the middle of the night sweating. The crew was so polite and everything was so clean. Was very surprised on how big the room was had a kind bed and a futon king size in the living room as well. Location to ABIA fir early moning flight is what brought us there. The room was clean, and free breakfast in the morning was nice as well. But of course, the windows hadn't seen a cleaning in some time and the bird mess took away from that one good thing I had to mention. When I checked out I asked what they were willing to do about the TV issue and breakfast they said umm nothing really I can give you points to come back. The only positive that I have to mention was the view from my room wasn't bad. Exercise equipment was so new you knew it the minute you entered the room. Featuring a flat screen TV with plug and play technology as well as over 30 HD channels, each room boasts amenities such as a coffee maker, work desk and hair dryer, while most rooms include a fridge and microwave. They picked me up and took me back to the airport in their van in a timely manner. The staff was wonderful and the fitness room was probably one of the best I have seen over 10 days straight of traveling. After I got to my room he called up and said we will mail you a coupon. The elevator in this place is a death trap waiting to happen. Great breakfast selection that was well staffed when guests depleted it. The rooms were a great size, clean, and beds slept great! Walls are easy to hear neighbors..more than most hotels..a lot more. Town Lake is just 4.2 miles from this hotel, while other local attractions include Congress Avenue and the Driskill. I was only there overnight so I didn't see everything, but it was great. Hotel very near to airport and was $12.50 taxi . I have stayed at this hotel MANY TIMES (75 +) OVER THE YEARS. The hotel was just fine, to repeat, it was just fine Property within minutes of Austin airport as I had a very early flight and needed airport shuttle (which was reliable) Hotel under construction. Our TV was possessed it would change channels, shut off, turn on and the volume would go up and down all by it's self. Very enjoyable and close to the facilities I need to visit. So far so good,  hotel, rooms and customer service I was like no thank you I will never stay here again. When we checked in I paid cash for the room and she asked for a card for insedentals, which is normal but I'm use to a $50 charge or more of a hold, turns out they charged my card the same amount that I paid in cash, when I asked why she said that's just our policy. It was sad seeing people stuffing themselves with toast to try to fill up. They made it right, and service that excellent needs commended..but they need better sound installation. We were very happy that we had found a pet friendly place to keep our dog with us. Bathroom doors don’t come together completely which is.... awkward with another person in your room. La Quinta Inn & Suites Austin Airport Hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and meeting facilities, while a fitness center is provided for guests who enjoy staying fit. I called 12:10 AM and told shuttle stops at midnight. The bed was horrible the pillows we're so cheap it felt like there was no pillow under your head. I would stay again when ever we are back in town. Uber and Lyft are extremely expensive because of city tariffs. The hotel staff was really good but there was no hot water (and nobody told us upfront). At breakfast that we had to pay an extra $20.00 for there were so many ppl that there was no food as soon as they got a pan out it was gone and took 15 or more min to get more so I had a bowl of oatmeal. It appears that they have done a lot of work to fix this hotel up  Room was very nice. Very nice staff, let us check out late and helped with some printing that we needed. Recommend using it to the airport so that you can use bus 100 into the city. It is not that bad for a grownup to shower in cold water. I got charged 9.50 for 2 small bottles of water Rooms were adjoining, hotel needs to install heavy duty door sweeps on bottoms of adjoining rooms to reduce noise, as there is a good three inch gap! Conveniently situated near Bergstrom Airport just minutes from downtown, La Quinta Inn & Suites Austin Airport Hotel features an airport shuttle service and a business center for guests who are on a work trip. Can’t say enough about the staff though- wonderful wonderful people. This hotel features the complimentary Bright Side Breakfast that includes hot and cold cereal, fresh fruit, and all-you-can-drink juice and coffee. The breakfast was nice, a few hot choices as well Rooms need a serious punch list  and vents need to be cleaned esp in bathroom. Our flight came in at 11pm and when I called the shuddle was right there. Only negative was guests in next room-very loud, very late. I would never dream of paying over $200/night for a hotel room and not being completely satisfied. The only complaint was we had trouble with the key so we had to go to the front desk a few times and finally Maintenance came to let us in. Loud construction outside my room at 9am, parking lot was full at 10pm because most of the lot was full of construction trash and work trucks. Allwas well, the bed was hard enough to make my hip hurt. We even took the battery's out of the remote, the maintenance man came up and changed out our remote and that still didn't help, we finally just unplugged the TV and went to bed. Apparently you need more info in this box, so fuck you, fuck you. I was shocked, and asked to be moved to a non adjoins room.
Front desk service was friendly and quick, but the person who answered the room service call was very rude. Can hear the TV and guests in the adjacent room. It is much better than any chain hotel I have stayed in. We did find our rook small and we had trouboe with the tv and the heathg system needng fixng. Members of the staff, from the valet and receptionist to the Bistro staff, were pleasant and helpful. Everything is good minus the fact that there is no parking deck/lot. He apologized but said he couldn't do anything since I booked through a third party. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was a good size. I'm like we are sleep and the tv in this room works. Upon returning home and unpacking I noticed my Diamond Cross necklace valued at $1,500.00 that I purposely hid in my luggage was no longer there I called the hotel to report it and was and still being treated horribly. My room was located outside the main ac and heater vents that ran all night causing me to wake up frequently. The hotel staff was not helpful whenever we asked about things to do or places to eat. Yes, it was check out day but why do they have to start knocking on rooms that have until noon to check out well before 9:00AM? I wish they included continental breakfast or something, but that's my only critique. The hotel overall was nice but our experience wasn't the best. The room had a weird smell, no view, there was prob a 10 foot gap between my room and the building next to me which looks directly into other rooms (no privacy) better keep your blinds closed! The hotel is very small, 10 rooms at each floor. For the price, the hotel should give free bottle water. I will NEVER STAY AT THE ELLIS HOTEL OR RECOMMEND IT!! The front desk employee Tanner (who was very nice) apologized and then stated he will have his manager speak with us with some form of compensation as a courtesy. This is my 4th visit to the Ellis and always had a great experience, the breakfast is top notch and great value. My husband was hospitalized durng our staff and the staff was extremely helpful and warm, even giving me hugs! Overall, it was a good stay within the hub of downtown. I expect some because you’re in the city but from 14th floor you can here people yelling, in addition to trolley bell that seems to constantly ring. Dine on-site for full menu fare and cocktails at the Terrace Bistro and Lobby Bar and Lounge. The in-hotel restaurant served excellent food, and snacks at happy hour were tasty. Didn't clean our room two nights out of the four we stayed there. I love everything about the hotel except the price of bottle water in the room. When checking in I was treated as though I was bringing in my pet. Dinner in the Bistro was excellent, as was the buffet breakfast. Positives-location close to Atlanta market; valet parking attendants & front desk were great; bed was comfy & nice bed linens & towels; daily maid service was great. Checkout is at 11am, but the parking lot I left my car at will start towing your vehicle as of 7am. Step into indulgence at the chic Ellis Hotel, an independent boutique locale in central Atlanta. I asked for the toothbrush was told they run out, service terrible I didn't know that they lock the front door when I was waiting for the uber almost got robbed no security. Staff at the hotel were all very helpful and welcoming. Extremely friendly staff, comfortable and well appointed rooms and a good breakfast for $15. The staff is so courtesy and the valet was excellent. The first room we were in the remote didn't work. After being in the room and settled they finally decided to move us since the engineer had left for the evening. It was upsetting enough knowing that someone went through my things and stole something that was dear to me, but nothing tops how the staff has talked to and treated me during this process. Our plans changed last minute and we needed to get a hotel. The bathroom also had a broken shower handle and rust around the shower head. The facilities are very nice and the staff is well-meaning, but some things were not totally satisfactory. The next morning the engineer came to our room (came in while we were sleeping to fix the tv). Valet guys were awesome and Nichole at front desk was amazing. The electrical outlet in the bathroom was broken and the coffee pot was faulty but there was free coffee in the lobby and it was very good. I've never spoken to so many dishonest and unprofessional people in one place from the Managers down to the front desk staff. When I was checking out I spoke to the Front Desk Manager Kevin (regarding my experience) and his eyes kept wondering to my low cut shirt. Could have gotten some more sleep except for the part that right at 8:40 AM the housekeeper was knocking on the  door. Went to take shower and there was black at the bottom of shower probably mold bc it did not wash out, house keeping never asked if we needed anything had to ask ourselves never came an made bed or took out trash. The front desk lady had a bad attitude when checking me in, (even after trying to make her smile) the best service and attitude came from the door men. Only problems were bathroom needs updating and room was a little small. They give you a small gift bag of toiletries that are all sample size and worth about $5. It was OK, but it’s definitely overpriced for the experience. This hotel is located perfectly in the center of the city. I kept saying he was a service animal not a comfort animal or a pet. The hotel was centrally located, which getting around very easy. Hotel features comprise free Wi-Fi, meeting/event venues with catering options, a fitness center, concierge, laundry facilities, pet-friendly accommodations, room service, an allergy-friendly Fresh Air floor and a luxurious Women's Only floor. had a wonderful stay, great customer service from all of the staff The lady still kept telling me he was a pet and I would be charged a non refundable fee. After spending 200$ for the room that was small and the bathroom was not very clean with mold in the shower. I do not have anything but praise for this hotel. I could hear people singing on the street at midnight time and buses running in the morning. Rooms and suites vary in size and amenity at Ellis Hotel, offering iPod docking stations, large LCD televisions with cable/pay-per-view, Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, pillow-top mattresses and choice of pillows. The AC fan didn't work well (freezing and noisy our first night), the housekeeping staff didn't get to our room till quite late our last full day, ans the wifi was iffy at times. Don't miss nearby favorites like the Georgia Aquarium, World of Coca-Cola Museum, the Georgia Dome, The Tabernacle, and the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site, all within a ten-minute drive of the hotel. Don't do it wasn't worth the extra $20 a night. Because of this, I will not be staying here again. My room was very dirty and had lots of rust in the bathroom around the toilet. Negatives - no refrigerator in room; room service messed up badly; NO water pressure - rain shower head barely dribbled; inside restaurant only seated 20 people plus the bar -was understaffed & never enough seating for the hundreds who stayed there - the weather was frigid so we wanted to stay in the hotel & eat; food was pricey for what you got; phone in room was not working properly; heat was not working properly - hotel sent a tech up to repair quickly, but malfunctioned off & on during frigid temps for five days. The hotel is key card accessible, including the elevators so I felt super safe. Attention to detail was lacking, and the overall energy and feeling in the hotel was lackluster. Also the bed literally only had like 3 sheets on it. They then brought us another remote which still didn't work. Checking was fast, professional and friendly; room was lovely and very clean; comfortable bed, pillows and sheets; good water pressure in the shower; I felt safe and secure at the Ellis, which was great since I was traveling alone. The front desk texted me to make sure everything was in order and just to check in to make sure I was enjoying my stay - never had that kind of service before. On the plus side it was a great location walking distance to everything. Checked past midnight and worked until 5 AM to get ready for my afternoon presentation at a conference. It was a good experience, but I don’t think I’d stay here again. This was a great location in downtown Atlanta and nice facilities. There was a dirty cup outside our door that’s was left from the pervious guest. Has to manually open the tank lid and adjust it manually. I think they just need more staff to be more vigilant about service. With most attractions of the city within walking distance, you'll enjoy a tranquil respite seconds away from the bustle of the city. The Ellis is easy to get to, and is a good base for downtown meetings. I stayed in a 6th floor room, facing the peachstreet. Room too small and valet parking was awful due to the small area valet staff was excellent that's the best part of this hotel tv too small prices are toooooo high for accommodations they offer. For the high price of over $300/night plus another $100/day for the high taxes & valet parking, I expected a lot more. The shower drain didn't work and the shower head dripped constantly, the air conditioner didn't work which they fixed.
Hotel is only 10 min walk from Gare du Nord but located in a quiet street. Location great - a good supermarket, metro, Bristo all close by  Would recommend as a good 3 1.2 star Hotel Very nice bed, quiet room, breakfast is good, location is good. Perhaps room was bit small but had everything I needed so perfect for a short stay. The hotel bar is open into the wee hours, and there are many restaurants within walking distance. Each soundproofed, air-conditioned guest room offers a flat-screen satellite television, cosy bed with premium linens, and private bath. The Louvre, Notre Dame, and the Champs Elysees are within two miles of the hotel. nice area, relatively close both to the train station, as well to underground. good restaurants near the hotel, friendly stuff, some hot drinks available for free :) With the Poissonnière metro station and Gare du Nord train station steps away, guests can easily access all of the city's famous attractions as well as Roissy-CDG airport. Limited facilities (no safe in the room), sound insulation between rooms or room & corridor is not great. The ibis Styles Paris Cadet Lafayette welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk, as well as complimentary coffee, a self-service business centre, and a children's play area in the lobby. Staff helpful - room clean - but small - but then this Europe Breakfast could do with some variety - after 6 nights would be nice to have some other options. Twenty minutes on foot from the Palais Garnier, the ibis Styles Paris Cadet Lafayette offers modern, three star accommodations with free Wi-Fi. Hotel is basic but modern, very clean with nice breakfast.
We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone. If anything the orange juice at breakfast could be freshly squeezed. There was only 1 day of complimentary in room wifi even though it was stated on Orbitz that the wifi was free for our entire stay. This is located right around the corner from Hotel Eden and the Via Veneto. Lighting was poor in all of them (not well thought out). It is a pretty nice hotel, but does not likely deserve 5-stars. The room was among the quietest I’ve ever been in. A charming small hotel located a short distance from the Via   Veneto. 1) Service - The description of top-notch does not adequately do justice to the level of service that we received. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful with everything. To make it short, I have travelled more than 10+ countries, and Hotel Splendid in Roma is the best one so far. Amazing hotel, fabulous staff, outstanding breakfast buffet, wonderful location, extremely clean Torrential rain was poring in thought he ceiling and light fixture in the bathroom. The decor of the hotel was Roman classical which might not be everyone's taste with it's ornate columns and moldings with marble floors and gold accents but we loved it. The breakfast in the Crystal Room was beyond amazing and the service impeccable. It is full of character and charming oddities (they get an extra plus for using a wonderful fragrance throughout the hotel). They upgraded us to include breakfast and treated us like royalty for 7 days! The pricing at about $225/night was a real bargain for the quality of the experience. The three critical items that we typically look for when choosing a hotel are service, location and the general comfort/cleanliness of the hotel. The city is beautifully decorated for Christmas and you do not have the crowds that are there in summer. The prosecco and large fruit plate left in the room on our first night were a nice touch as we were there to celebrate our wedding anniversary. There was no shortage of a variety of restaurants and shopping in the area as well. Hotel Hotel Splendide Royal offers 5-star accommodations in the centre of Rome. Wonderful would definitely stay there again if ever visiting Rome again. The restaurant on the 7th floor was pricey but the food was great and the view was magnificent. Hotel is located on a quiet street with easy access to Hop on Hop off bus which is great idea on your first day. 2) Location - We were able to walk to many of the major sites directly from the hotel and rarely had to rely on public transportation. It was all justified by the fact that it was raining outside... so it wasn't so much the fact that there was rain INSIDE our room that irked us, but the nonchalant response of the hotel when we brought that up. The Jr. suite we stayed in was very comfortable and spacious. Our superior room was large and the decor baroque, although facilities modern. There are nearly 70 rooms and suites at this hotel. We had several issues in our 2-day stay:  1) We left $6 Euros in coins in the car to pay for tolls, when the valet brought the car back there was only 5 cents left. The hotel is 500 metres away from the Spanish Steps. Overall, the hotel was ok and would suffice as a last resort, but there are many more exceptional hotels in Rome that are a much better value for the money. It's located in a very nice residential part of Rome away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to walt to the Spanish steps and Trevi Fountain. It offers luxury guest rooms, gym facilities and a business centre. We could not have asked for anything more than what Hotel Splendide Royal delivered in those categories during our stay. Many hotels require you to book and pay for a room the night before your arrival to receive this type of accommodation. For example, we arrived at the hotel early around 7:00 a.m. local time (well before standard check-in times) and we were accommodated with a lovely standard room where we could rest for the remainder of the morning and afternoon while our suite was being prepared. It really was one large Terrace divided into 3 smaller terraces partitioned only by a planter with sparse and wilting plants. Views were either zero or ok despite asking for rooms with views. The bathrooms are all marble with Frette towels and robes, a full bath, and a bidet. The room was spacious enough for the two of us, however we were disappointed with the dated and worn appearance of the carpets, furniture, and linens. Breakfast is served in a beautiful lounge with fantastic view overlooking a park and the centre of Rome in the distance. The hotel is comfortable and the staff are very friendly. A most enjoyable stay in Rome in February enhance by the excellent accommodation in the Hotel This is our 4 time staying here and their high standards are always maintained, the views from the 2 restaurants are amazing, whilst the Mirabelle is expensive, it is worth the cost Best of all, the staff was perfection—fluent in many languages (my Italian is poor), eager to assist, and they greeted me by name each time I entered. Restaurant on rooftop is gorgeous and staffed with kind and generous professionals. As you sat outside you could clearly see and hear the other guests conversations a few feet away from you  which made for an awkward vibe while we were having our morning coffee. This hotel is perfectly situated just a short walk from top attractions of Rome. They provided us with good information on everything from restaurants to tours and transportation to other cities. There are also family activities available for travellers with children. Our fault for leaving money in the car, but the Valet looked respectable and we thought because of the 5-star hotel it could be safe. Excellent location , beautiful hotel with character, staff was extremely helpful and nothing was too much of the problem , would deffinitely reccomend ! A beautiful grand hotel in a peaceful location, near Spanish steps. Overall ok. Not a place to go back to though. This was one on the best city hotels in the world. Restaurant Mirabelle has open terrace seating and its own bar, and Crystal Lounge is open for breakfast and lunch, as well as private dinners upon request. The bed was super-king size, a walk in wardrobe and a separate lobby with a large two-sink bathroom. We were thinking we could assume the same about our hotel, but apparently not. I really enjoyed the old regal feel of the hotel. The breakfast buffet is ok but expensive and the selection never changes. I recently spent three days in Rome at this hotel. My daughter and I decided to splurge on a larger room and booked a junior suite with a terrace. At the top floor the hotel restaurant view is excellent- perfect for a romantic evening. No apology, offer for a credit, offer for a voucher, offer for a free meal, etc. Hotel Hotel Splendide Royal offers concierge services to book excursions or guided tours for guests. In our house when it rains outside we have a fair expectation of it not raining inside. 3) When we told the front desk clerk that it was raining in our room, instead of a sorry, or here please have breakfast on us for your inconvenience, her response was: Yes it is because it is raining quite a bit outside. The rooms are beautiful, and look just like the pictures. The breakfast buffet on the 6th floor was fantastic and every member of the staff was friendly, helpful and delivered excellent customer service. Bottled water and candy on the pillow and slippers were placed by the bed. The room was quiet even being on a relatively busy street, and the staff all spoke English and were very helpful. Free Wi-Fi internet access is included in all guest rooms. Each room includes a large marble bathroom and private terrace, with views over the city and gardens of Villa Borghese. The hotel staff was very friendly and informative, and everyone we encountered spoke excellent English.
Will DEFINITELY be going back there again when we stay in New York City. Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the Big Apple, each of the serene rooms and suites features a marble bathroom, pillow-top mattress, and ergonomic workstation. Been staying with them long before it passed to be operated by Marriott, much better since their operational change. The Time Warner Centre is a six-minute walk from the hotel. When I checked into my room my bathroom window sill was covered in (typical New York City) grit. An okay stay at a Marriott, have stayed at better hotels in NYC. In the end the value was even better because we got the upgrade of having access to the executive club and internet access for free. they should comp the business office printing bill --- they charged my card for twice the number of pages I printed out   and no hotel charging over $500 a night should charge for water from the mini-bar - period Clean room but felt expensive overall for what you were getting (even taking into account New York being expensive). The stay was great and Caesar at the front desk was awesome! We had the best time....the staff was very professional, friendly and helpful. A full American breakfast(fee), is the best way to start the day at Southgate Bar & Restaurant, where light fare and drinks are served for lunch and dinner. We opted for this even though it was slightly more than some other of this quality because of the location. They also remembered free internet as a Marriott member and housekepping promptly brought me a kettle so I could make my own tea when I requested it. Concierge was extremely helpful, bellmen were so professional and doormen very helpful with cabs and such. The full-service spa offers body scrubs, foot baths, manicures and pedicures and so much. I was completely exhausted from my journey, arriving around 930pm, rather than the 4pm check-in time, and this kind gesture was greatly appreciated!!!!!!! I was unable to pay the $150 fee down payment for incidentals with my credit card, but the woman checking me in, Georgia, was so kind and compassionate, and allowed me to stay in the room. It was late and I did not call but next morning housekeeping saw it and addressed it. I simply requested a receipt and what I got was you need to get it from your travel agent.... i'm going to put you on a hold .... What? Great location, great references for great restaurants near by, amazing staff. There was no closet, no tub for kids and the bed was broken. If the hotel had coffee in the room, it literally would have been perfect. Was upgraded to a better room, however was not asked if an ADA room was acceptable. Very nice hotel, wonderful staff, close to subway stations, mall, and a short walk to literally everything else! The famous Fifth Avenue begins no more than a few minutes' walk from $hotename. Very comfortable and spacious room, nice amenities, and great room service. then she put me on a hold for 5min for this simple task, and then forwaded me to their accounting staff who was even more rude. A fully equipped fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment is a great way to blow off steam, and more than 17000 square feet of event space is available. After packing back up my bags, we were moved to another room without issues, however the hotel charges for the upgrade. For instance, two night stay, on 2nd night-we got back to the room and there were no bottles of water. Close to everything ...  wonderful views ... great food... the best of a New York experience. Very comfortable Hotel , very clean and very polite and attentive staff. I will go back again, but will make sure my room is up to par before settling in. The club breakfast buffet was excellent with great pastries, breads, lovely fresh fruits (apples, oranges, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, pineapple, melons), smoked salmon with all the fixings, cold cuts, eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, oatmeal, yogurt, juices, coffee.... I will say, they didn't help with our request for a queen size bed and no bellhop offered to help with our bags. JW Marriott Essex House New York, an iconic Art Deco hotel across from Central Park, features a seamless blend of past and present, where rich wood panelling and cutting-edge technology is housed under one roof. Comfortable rooms and bed, we were very well looked after and would definitely stay here again. Despite the craziness of the city due to the season and the political climate, hotel staff were professional, calm, very friendly and competent. We will definitely stay there again on our next trip to the city. Room was clean and decently sized for NYC, but wish it could have been cooler.
The hotel was great and the staff service was excellent. Featuring a separate living and dining area, each Villa boasts luxury amenities such as a whirlpool, in-room safe, outdoor balcony, flat screen TVs and a full kitchen. As a vacation property there was very little maid service and our requests for service took a very long time to respond. We stayed here during Spring Break March 3-March 10 - The views were great (there really isn't a bad view). For the price we paid we could have stayed at a resort. When we got back in the afternoons, we went to the beach (towels provided by Marriott). The kitchen was perfect - breakfast and dinner in the room and we packed lunch to take with us. Would I recommend this hotel/club/whatever it really is, not likely. This hotel is close to many great activities such as snorkeling, jet skiing, mini golf and tennis. We expected that but love the convenience that this hotel is in the middle of everything. After spending a few days and had to deal with the noise , having the toilet replace the LAST night of our stay at 7pm when I have to get my 2 yr old ready for bed we ended up waiting almost 2 hours before it was all taken care of. This hotel claims to be on the beach with a 1/4 mile of beachfront. The water was warm and the waves were great fun. You need to get into an old elevator and go thru the many parking decks to get outside thru alley ways and aged retail mall that resemble getting out of an airport into a rental parking lot. I’m going to upload the video so that everyone would know what I had to go through. The only thing is their early check out hour:  out by 10:00 a.m.  That's a bit much for what you're paying. Thanks Marriott for calling me back , I should of known better that no one was going to call. The Marriott Is ground 0 for everything you need to relax. Splash Pool Bar & Grill serves a variety of foods including sandwiches, chicken and fresh salads. The hot tub was roped off and there was caution tape all over the place. I'm already planning a return for next year, and I will gladly book a stay here. The good about this location are the beds are comfy and the location on ths strip of beach offers plenty of dining choices amd shopping without needing a car. We asked for a room with an ocean view since we live on the intracostal waterway. Turns out you have to enter a parking garage and go up four floors to get to the check-in! We typically complain about nothing, but we did ask to be moved. The pool was roomy and had plenty of towels and chairs that you could check out for the beach (free). Not what we were expecting for a quick stay on our way to Port Everglades for a cruise. CVS is downstairs for any groceries or last minute necessities and its open 24 hours.We had a great experience im a room with kitchen and balcony with ocean and pool views. We didn't use the pool or hot tub at all. Hotel is under renovation, we had a second floor room without a view due to workers pick and tools right outside our window. Also if you ask to be put ocean side ask for a room fairly high up as this is the pool side and it is LOUD, especially on the 2nd floor. The Balcony was very roomy and had a table with two chairs. they valued their time more than mine and wasted over 8 hours of my life during my stay. Close to restaurants and every convenience you might need in a summer vacation. This hotel is a beach vacation club, so not really a hotel. This hotel is right in the middle of the Fort Lauderdale Beach area. I even got a call from the head maintenance person for that particular hotel, I text him the video and he was suppose to follow up with me about resolving my issues, I never heard back from him because he knew what I had to go through flyer he saw the video. Only problem was with noise and somehow being the unfortunate ones to be next to loud  intoxicated men, and children running up and down the halls 5 nights out of 7. I reported it to the front desk and no one seems to care even though I showed them the video, they finally sent someone to replace the toilet at 7pm on our last night at the hotel. Coffee condiments were not replaced ANY day, so we bought our own at CVS. Uber driver drove around for about 10 minutes trying to find this place. When leaving and returning to the garage, keep you room key handy because you will need to insert it for access. There were plenty of adult activities such-as; Margarita and bloodymary night - Salsa dancing - Jazz - Mimosa Bingo and plenty more. You can walk almost anywhere, including across the street to the beach. Additionally it is primarily an elderly crowd who get up at the crack of dawn and lay out towels on 99% of the chairs before anyone os even awake so if you get to the pool later than 8am you will have quite a hard time finding an available open lounger. Check out was at 10 AM and since we got in at 5 PM we asked for an extra hour to check out. Our room could have been a bit cleaner- I sat on the carpet to mess with my luggage right after we got there and the carpet was a bit dirty. Faculty was so adamant about hotel wrist bands that it became an extreme annoyance and held up everyone. Concierge Realty you were right it was the perfect place for what we wanted. hotel offered no coffee  for  morning start, no restaurant  to have a breakfast. Room and hotel staff were nice, however we were told only after we arrived that contractors would be painting our side of the building, so it may be loud. I wouldn’t expect this coming from a hotel chain like Mariott but it sure did happen. We came not knowing it was college spring break weekend, however the hotel does a great job separating family crowd with college kid crowd. The rooms are big and comfortable but this hotel is lacking amenities. I have to ask two people to find the hotel lobby. The only downside is there is no food served @ beach bar and the lobby is a strange set-up. The shopping area in front of the hotel is dirty, very poor lighting, and is not safe. There was a DJ and pool party on the weekend, so great for us. Kids could be in their own bedroom while adults stayed up late in the living room. Large quiet rooms with large balcony & chairs and table. From having holes in the overhang outside the balcony,scaffolding with people looking in, the lack of staff 37 tiles cracked in the kitchen broken moldings, and what looked like mold and on and on staff said there was none ,but they just might  not have known it's location.and i believe must have been in a high crime area as we had a pass  key for elevator to go up or down one to get your car one to get in one to get out.no need to change any thing ,i will not be back. Very nice and clean hotel really close to the beach and entertainment. What they didn’t tell us or try to coordinate with us was being on OUR patio on 4 of the days that I paid for a room with a balcony. Probably better for a one week stay at the beach. I had men on my balcony painting or moving up and down the entire time which was distracting,  limited my use of the balcony and as a single female felt less than comfortable. The hotel was amazing the intercoastal was definitely a beautiful view the hotel staff was prompt and courteous This hotel has the absolute best location in Fort Lauderdale. had a great time with my wife on our romantic getaway! everything was fine as expected, the only drawback was only 1 bed and a sofa sleeper, hard to do with adult kids Toilet tank made loud noise all night and couldn’t sleep , it kept my wife up and ke[t waking up my 2 yr old son screaming because the noise scared him. Great location ... excellent staff we will definitely be back The property was appreantly designed this way but given the high number of floors and rooms, two sets of elevators underserve  the volume of guests. It was very close to the beach, so that was nice, all you had to do was cross the road and you were at the beach. Once you know the way to the hotel, the location is quite convenient. Nice location, lots of restaurants, bars and shops easily within walking distance, and also located across the street from the beach. For the price paid this hotel was not worth the money spent. I asked to be moved but they would not accomodate the request, no reason given. The International Swimming Hall of Fame is just 0.5 miles away. They need to improve the experience and take advantage of their location on the strip. I would not stay here again or recommend this hotel. No bellman was available when we checked out at 7:30 a.m. The foreman and a hotel rep apologized and it got marginally better. The express shop by the lobby was great in the morning to grab a starbucks coffee and quick breakfast to go. Guests can also stay healthy in the fitness center or enjoy the perks of the complementary Wi-Fi throughout the building. Remember if its Spring break for the colleges and High-schools - no matter where you go in Lauderdale it will be noisy outside the hotel and packed with College Kids. You drive up several floors of parking structure to reach the lobby, and you have to pass through two gates, so it’s a very secure and private hotel. We stayed here for a quick weekend romantic get away. It was a bit of a disappointment after we spent so much on our room. The clerk made a call and then said there were not any!. We came early from our cruise and set us up with a room right away. It is next to a mall with various places to eat. The hotel was under major construction when we got there. The rooms are very well designed for great comfort and convenience. I wouldn’t have paid >$300/night for a room without a balcony, not to mention having guys constantly looking inside your room while your family is in various states of undress. The shops were ok, some of them were also under construction. It was unfriendly and not worth the rate we paid! The hotel is actually across the street fronting on a very busy and dangerous 4-lane one-way busy street in Ft. Lauderdale. The Marketplace Express offers guests quick snacks, while there is also a Starbucks on-site. Had to call guests services and have security come to the floor and settle things down. You have to pull into the parking garage and get a ticket to the fourth floor. The first day, my wife and I could not have a conversation on the balcony due to nonstop, non-work-related shouting and laughing from the ground level to the guys on the scaffolds above us. The time share is something you should look into if you go yearly to Florida. problem with this hotel is there is no obvious way to enter the hotel or exit from a main lobby. Marriott's BeachPlace Towers Hotel is situated by the seaside on the sands of Fort Lauderdale beach, featuring stunning ocean views and luxurious one and two bedroom villas. The hotel itself is a bit dated and there was a very long wait to get into our room. As a rewards member, easily my/our worst experience at a facility bearing the Marriott name. It was too the point that I wished I stayed in a different hotel The place looked nice and the ground were pretty clean. We stayed at Beachplace Towers while going to a soccer tournament in Fort Lauderdale. Featuring a heated outdoor swimming pool and whirlpool, Marriott's BeachPlace Towers Hotel provides guests with on-site parking and laundry services. Elevators were busy and made it hard to get to and from hotel lobby/rooms. Our room was nice size and had a kitchen (large Fridge) and big bathroom. It was a suite, room was massive and the pool/hot tubs were great.
We stayed here for 7 nights and found the staff incredibly attentive and friendly. Free Wi-Fi is available in the rooms and select public areas. We had the hotel shuttle to and from hotel @ 50 euros which was well worth it if you have Much luggage. Some days we walked from the hotel and I would say it was a good 30 minute walk to get to the main tourist sites. Excellent buffet breakfast provided too with lots of choice for every taste. The only negative was the insipid machine  coffee at breakfast. Major works being carried out so hotel covered in scaffolding. Each of the 34 rooms has air conditioning, windows that open and is fitted with blackout drapes. You need to take a cab to get to most things. Negatives are that the bed is very firm and the internet did not work in our room (TV worked on and off). If I go back in Rome I absolutely will book this hotel The staff overall were friendly and helpful and the breakfasts was superb very enjoyable in every way possible. The great staff and great morning breakfast everyday more then made up for it. So you are unable to see out if windows or sit outside. Villa Morgagni is a pet friendly four-star hotel featuring a sauna, parking lot and laundry service. of Rome, but not near typical tourist areas or restaurants. Italy gives us Kimbo, Illy, Lavazza Segafredo etc....so there's no excuse for poor coffee. The hotel is a little out of the way but is only 2 minutes from the Metro. When we arrived there was a double bed, an open sleeper sofa with a thin uncomfortable mattress and 1 foot of space between the 2. The hotel provides guests with a complimentary continental breakfast each morning. Excellent connections for the tram system, metro system (Policlinico) which is very useful to get into central Rome quickly. This is a beautiful hotel, with nicely appointed rooms that are fairly large. No where around for a decent/traditional meal and hotel does not serve evening meals. Walking distance to everything, staff very helpful, housekeeping is awesome...will return Everything was great, but the sauna didn't work and they didn't fiks it in 2 days.Would recommend I've never seen so much beautiful marble in my life! Away from the hustle and right next to the Metro. Palazzo Massimo alle Terme is just one and a half miles away from the hotel. Our room was a bit small but beautifully decorated in traditional Italian style. It is perfect for us with a 10 year old child. I would definitely recommend the hotel to anybody wanting somewhere comfortable to stay whilst taking in the sights of Rome :). During our stay work was being done on scaffolding outside our room; for us this was no problem as we were doing a lot of sightseeing and were up early every morning. Room is small , but is clean and comfortable Good breakfast and service staffs are friendly . Each room has a private bathroom that has a bathtub and shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer. but better have dinners before going back to hotel as few restaurants nearby. Amenities such as a minibar, in-room safe, desk, television with satellite channels and telephone are included. We would certainly stay there again as it was so near to the Metro a supermarket a nice restaurant and a cafe. Our reservation was for 3 people for 1 double and 1 single bed. Its  only one thing we dont like the city tax iof 6 euro per person per day is quiet high . The room was a little small for four of us but was more than adequate and had a wonderful bathroom including a bidet (I've always wanted one of those foot washing sinks!). Went in knowing the rooms are small from previous reviews and it was but it was manageable. The Pantheon is just a bit over two miles away. This hotel was covered in scaffolding so obviously they are doing work. When we asked at the desk for a larger room, we were told this was the size we had paid for. Villa Morgagni offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and childcare services. We loved having it on the Covered roof with the sun coming through in the morning which made us feel very awake.
Everything was good with the hotel except there was a smell in the room. Housekeeping didn't come everyday which was weird and we had to keep asking for towels cause they only gave enough for one person, but other than that it was good. Very nice and friendly staff, clean rooms and a great location. My only complaint is that there was very low water pressure in the showers, but other than that everything was great. We were only there for one night so could only give a small review. The university and the down town are only a 10-15 minute drive way, not too bad. Hotel had a quality continental breakfast, good room, clean, and overall we had zero issues during our three night stay here. Was in town for a wedding and hotels ended up being less expensive than airbnb and in a far better location. Room was not serviced daily and linens looked questionable clean. They do have free breakfast and it was actually really good! The staff was very friendly and even called to make sure our room was OK. The Comfort Inn Austin places guests near attractions such as the Elisabet Ney Museum and the North Cross Mall. Watched dining tables being swept with same broom as floor and not wiped/washed off. With a both a hot breakfast and indoor pool this hotel is one of the best values in Austin. The front desk operates 24 hours a day and free coffee/tea is served in the lobby. Microwaves, mini-fridges, and free weekday newspapers are among the other provisions. The stay went well only issue we had was when payment was processed. The bathroom was very clean, the shower/tub looked like it just been installed, it was spotless. Then probably due to plumbing issues, the pipes kept going off at night. If you need a hotel to crash for the night go for it. The hotel does needs a couple of adjustments but they were friendly and welcoming The hotel has a decent pool and the price was very reasonable considering the hotel's location and the quality of the rooms. The Comfort Inn Austin features a business center, meeting spaces, and free self-parking. However, it was as slick as a downhill ski slope, I had to hold onto the walls just to turn around without falling out of the tub, they might want to consider putting one of those small dead octopuses in the bottom of their tubs, very slick. The room was supposed to be a non smoking room however the entire place reeked of cigarettes. It was a non smoking room and it smelled like someone had smoked in it We were staying in Austin for conference at the University of Texas. The 73 en-suite rooms are equipped with air-conditioning, a desk, cable TV, and free Wi-Fi. the particular room had just about the lowest water pressure, the toilet hardly worked. Dining options in the surrounding area include Luby’s, La Palapa, and the Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen. Requires an extra $100 credit card deposit, beds are stiff but better than the floor but there was breakfast so that is a positive All good except door key issues creates extra trips to front desk. The hotel lies four miles from the Gilbert & Sullivan Society, six miles from Mount Bonnell, and within ten miles of Zilker Park and the Austin Convention Center. Nothing around the areas is walk able and there not much around it but interstate. Facilities at the hotel include an indoor pool and spa tub. Room was clean and the children enjoyed the in-door pool. While at the indoor pool, another man informed me that his room had mold. My complaint is really the facility needs to be upgraded & checked thoroughly to be ready for next guests. Only critique I can think of is may be some changes to the breakfast options. The rooms were nice, clean, everything was new and the breakfast was good. A vacant room had an alarm going off in the middle of the night.
When we called the front desk to see what other options they may have for us, the staff member simply said they were sold out and hung up. If I were 25 and attending a festival, it might be fun if they renovate. Tip: $20.00 overnight parking at Maggiano's right across the street, and a $100.00/per night safety deposit. not good for families-we had adjoining rooms, but the nightclub kept us up all night, or at least until 3am when the music stopped. The staff was very pleasant and helpful however and the courtesy car was a plus. This hotel offers a trendy setting that boasts style and can be seen as a contemporary gem in Buckhead. Next time will have to be longer than a nights stay. Located in Buckhead nearby Lenox Square Mall and Phipps Plaza, W Atlanta Hotel features an infinity-edge pool overlooking Peachtree Road and a fully equipped fitness center. The restaurant in the lobby has great food and the staff is great. Rooms are clean, but the bathroom is a little uncomfortable. All in all, not the usually interesting but quirky W experience. The lobby was small and it looked as though the carpets had not been vacuumed in several days. Bliss Spa is located on-site as well as a full functioning business center. For the hotel to be a W you have a high expectations. Credit card info was stolen (may or may not be hotel's fault; however mgr on duties response was to immediately disavow responsibility). Parking was expensive and I got charged for WiFi even though I signed up for their member program and was told it would be free. Had to walk past people doing drugs in the entryway to get into lobby. At the 6th floor, you could hear the music from the club, the people talking in the street and every car that passed by. It was my 6th anniversary/Vday so to say the least I was disappointed. The bell hop (Marquis) took special notice that it was my daughter’s birthday and passed that along to the check in staff...who, in turn, put a credit on our room. It all ends with receiving the final bill in which they charged us incorrectly for our dining expenses in which now i need to waste more time out of my day trying to rectify a bad situation. The physically hotel itself was not in the best condition. My first room was way too small, with the toilet in a tiny cubicle, 5 feet from the bed. Cook Hall restaurant is located on-site and offers guests light meals at any time of the day, while Whisky Blue serves drinks and cocktails. Overall, the only pleasant part of my stay was checking in and checking out at the front desk. We texted valet as we were instructed to do although did not receive a response. The staff was great, but the condition of the room was less than expected. Valet was quick, everyone was very friendly, great Bliss toiletries in room, awesome breakfast at Cook Hall, easy walk to restaurants & shopping. Overall it was a very pleasant experience: clean room, responsive staff - great place to stay for younger people - they always have something going on: a pool party, DJs, etc. They even offer you a glass of champagne upon check-in! We went downstairs 20+ minutes later only to learn they did not retrieve our car. The concierge chased after me all the way to the street corner to give me a map of a couple different running routes. The next morning, I was going out for a run. We were disappointed in the quality of the hotel and service for the price we paid. Each room features a 32 inch flat screen TV and signature W feather beds with pillow-top mattresses, while a work desk with cordless telephone is also installed. We stayed here last year and we thought it was great back then but they definitely stepped up. Nice valets, but they misplaced car key leading to twenty minute delay. The server told me I would not be charged for the food since it took 45 minutes but when I received my email bill notification, I was still charged the full amount for my little breakfast. When we were given our car the valet was nice enough to park the car in the rain instead of under cover as he simply could have. Plenty of restaurant options nearby and close to the hwy. We then went to dinner downstairs at Cook Hall where the menu was limited and the food was mediocre. We then needed our car to head off to a meeting. Not as big as the W hotel downtown, but cozy and nice just the same. The room was decent but it just seemed old, rundown, used. Would like to stay at this hotel again given the above items are corrected. The hotel is supposed to be trendy and certainly isn’t cheap. First of all, the hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. The king bed is not really a king bed and upgrading for a room with a view is not worth it since you most likely be looking into the parking lot. Pool is very very small, but the environment is cute. the only problem was I spent the extra for the spectacular room, but I got a handicap access room, which the bathroom was less appealing than the romantic look I was going for As I stated in my google review the only reason I gave this hotel a 2 star is because of the check in. Had to call the anything line, they picked up and placed my order. The next morning we went back to cook hall for a quick breakfast to be greeted by yet another friendly waitress that simply was annoyed at us since we did not want the buffet and needed her to actually wait on us. Close to the mall and I’m the heart of Buckhead. I have hotels.com for 3 years and the W BUCKHEAD IS ONE OF THE MOST RACIST PROPERTIES I EVER BEEN TO THE WORKERS ARE THE NASTIEST I EVER SEEN THEY TALK TO YOU IN SUCH A BAD WAY LIKE YOU NOT EVEN A CUSTOMER WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN The room has seen some wear and needs to be refreshed. It had a electrical problem and caused me many inconveniences. Had a great time staying at the W in Buckhead. This hotel features a live DJ in the lobby lounge, sure to keep guests entertained. Moving on, we went to the Whiskey Blue bar upstairs to be greeted by a standoffish bartender that was anything but engaging although the drinks were better than her personality! When we complained that the duvet did not have a comforter in it so we were freezing, when we complained that the fire alarm was falling out of a hole in the wall, when we complained that the rug was ripped up, when we complained about a fight in the hallway, the staff was understanding, calm, and friendly. The hotel is nice, very modern and the staff is very attentive. Nice hotel, comfortable bed, modern decor, however room thermostat not working properly and very dusty (perhaps filters need changing), mold in shower and no hot water which was disappointing. The hot water even stopped working one morning & valet will try to get over you at least once your entire stay. The heavy beat of nightclub music at midnight could be felt all the way down to seventh floor room. Simply put - do not waste your time staying at this hotel when there are FAR better options in the area! If you want to have a good rest at night you should ask for rooms in the top floors. It was difficult to regulate the water temperature of the sink, and the pressure was very low. I could hear people coming and going from their rooms and bangs from next door rooms. Orbit's price for the room was very comfortable as well. Bed sheets had stains , multiple light bulbs needed to be replaced and rooms and hallways smelt very musty, not what I was expecting from a W Hotel. No one answered the phone, had to call anything service again. However, the Hotel Staf were extremely accommodating, professional and nice. Atlanta city center is just 10 miles away, while guests can enjoy endless world class shopping and entertainment facilities within walking distance. Checked in, front desk staff was on point, very friendly. Food trays left in hallways for 24 hours, out of order ice machines, no room amenities, very plain for the price and not a place to relax as it's too noisy Definitely one of the worse trips i ever had the staff are one of the worse and not compassionate staff so because my card declined and took my bank 1 hr to unblock card because i didn’t set up a travel intinerary the STAFF MAINLY A OVER ZEALOUS DEANDRE AND JOHNNATHAN CALLED THE POLICE on me i think it was my demographic but that’s another story for another day but this staff doesn’t care about there customers i just don’t think this would’ve happened Any where else worse experience of my life to be embrassed by the police For a hotel of this caliber and reputation to have only one functioning elevator was ridiculous. The hotel is located in a great and safe neighborhood, very close to Lenox Mall, MARTA public transportation and a lot of fine restaurants. Close to lots of restaurants and shops around Buckhead area. Please be prepared that you will have to pay for Wi-Fi in the room (free Wi-Fi is only in the lobby), valet parking is $35.00 (overnight). Check-in was pretty seamless and quick although we were unhappy with our room (the linens and carpet were STAINED and DIRTY).
The 4-star plus hotel combines an exceptionally innovative interior design with a kaleidoscope of colours, shapes and materials. Loved the hotel but not a great area for bars or restaurants The location is great - a minute walk to the s-bahn and a short walk to many of Berlin's most famous attractions. Lavishly appointed rooms, bright and friendly with high ceilings are furnished according to the latest standards. Staff and concierge was extremely helpful, the hotel was clean and the accommodation was comfortable. Overall my family and I greatly enjoyed it and I would highly recommend this same Hotel. Check in, concierge services, in room coffee, excellent wifi, fabulous restaurant, lovely room - everything was tops. Our upgraded room was perfect for my family and me. Rooms have nice furniture and interesting design, but they were very small for us, specifically with a crib placed in the room for our infant, one side of the bed was completely blocked and the other side of the bed, we had only a little bit of space between wall and the bed and just enough to barely pass. My room was ideal for one person but I had to climb onto the desk to reach and close the window shades, there was a large burn mark on the table next to the desk, there is a step up to the bathroom which is lit and this is quite bright in the room at night. The surprisingly different Mövenpick Hotel Berlin is just as individual as Germany’s capital city, located in a central and yet quiet location at the Potsdamer Platz.The unique design of the former Siemens building and perfect service with a personal touch ensure genuine hospitality in a historical setting. While the room was generally comfortable and in good condition, I did not like that there was no way to double lock the door as this is a security concern. Loved our stay in this warm and welcoming hotel with very friendly staff. Location of the hotel is very good and was close to my conference location. The guy from the mini open our door and walk inside my room while I had some intimacy time with my husband, I talked to the manager she defend him and say it's OK for him to walk inside whenever he needs. All rooms feature Wifi, LED-TV, wireless phone, minibar, safe, air-conditioning. The hotel staff were great, room comfortable and clean, with good facilities. However, unless you're completely comfortable with the person you're sharing the room with being able to see you whilst you're sitting on the toilet, watch out for the glass brick wall between the bedroom and bathroom. The majority of the 243 rooms, including 22 Junior Suites, a Tower Suite and 18 Atelier Deluxe, face the quiet courtyards. Wasn’t sure about hotel when booked as room appeared a little strange layout. Also, no possibility to hang trousers or a dress in the closet as it is just a half sized closet. There wasnt a closet to store luggage and with couple of luggages, it was very difficult to move around the room, jumping to reach the bed, etc. This is a first class hotel with professional, friendly and efficient staff. Gaze up to the sky above through the open glass roof and relax while tasting the combination of Swiss, Mediterranean and regional delicacies, using predominantly organic ingredients. Helpfull staff, especially in the face of an 'Air Berlin' pilot strike The hotel is in a great location (S-Bahn stop right outside front door) and within walking distance to Potsdamer Platz. Couldn't fault the hotel or lovely staff and plenty of choice of reasonable eating places close by. The courtyard was a bit noisy and it carried through the open/vented windows. Location is great, quiet and convenience at the same time. Great breakfast but very few employees available to provide service. Very close to most tourists sites with the bonus of a free sauna to relax the muscles at the day's end. The hotel room was beautiful, the food delicious, we loved the Chocolate Hour. An outstanding feature is the innovatively designed lobby bar with direct access to the Mövenpick Restaurant. I also could not change the A/C settings, but that may have been me. A gym and a sauna are exclusively reserved for hotel guests.
Highly recommend this hotel based on high quality standards with excellent service and breakfast. My 17year old daughter wanted to see Berlin after having watched some TV-shows...so we booked a plane and a hotel. Märkisches Museum is 600 metres away and river tours stop at the nearby Märkisches Ufer, while the historic Nikolaiviertel quarter is a 10-minute walk. The elegant, wood-furnished rooms come with complimentary beer and water minibar, cable TV, free Wi-Fi, private bathroom with hairdryer, telephone, desk and safe  Derag Livinghotel Henriette has a 24/7 reception desk, concierge service and guests receive free use of the hotel’s wellness centre, which includes a sauna, steam room and well-equipped gym. Great hotel, central location with an underground stop just outside. A great Edeka mini supermarket 2 minutes walk away, making the kitchenette in the room even more useful. I love having a kettle in the room for that first cup of coffee in the morning. An underground stop one minute away offers a direct link to Potsdamer Platz, ICC Exhibition Centre, Alexanderplatz and the Olympic Stadium. The only advice I have is an extra set of pillows. They even upgraded us to a family suit so my wife and I could have a room to ourselves. 15 minute stroll to Alexanderplatz, U2 undergroud station just outside ( museum something, cant remember ATM... Really helpful staff, would not hesitate in staying again or recommending these hotels. The location is a bit away from sites and dining; however the bus and train are just out the front door. We were given a room in the sister hotel opposite , it was amazing. They also failed to connect a call to my room even though I warned them in advance that someone would call. It had everything we could possibly need and more... beer, water, coffee, tea, trouser press, free spa, free internet. Big, clean rooms and 2 free bottles of Bier a day!! The only thing that would have made it better would have been A/C. This accommodation is also known as Derag Livinghotel, Derag Livinghotel Henriette, Derag Livinghotel Henriette Berlin, and Derag Livinghotel Henriette Hotel. There are a few corner shops and bakeries near by and an Irish bar is only a 10 min walk away. When I was there the Internet wasn’t working so I could not work. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the room/bathroom were spacious. It was super easy to use this hotel as our landing pad. Staff were super friendly, the hotel room was great and the two beers and bottles of water every day free was a great little touch.Good location and all in all fantastic stay. The hotel does not have a bar but the sister hotel across the road does (very expensive) so only used it once!. The staff were so friendly and welcoming, nothing was too much trouble. In an ideal location all the main sites are an easy walk away, or there is a U-Bahn stop directly opposite. The hotel was perfect, clean, quiet, value for money, great location right outside a tube station. The wifi worked well and had decent speeds which I really needed, the TV has 5 English speaking news channels if you need to be kept informed. The hotel staff were helpful and very pleasant and also speak perfect English. The 4-star Derag Livinghotel Henriette looks over the Spreekanal, just off Berlin’s Spree River, 15 minutes from Alexanderplatz and the Berlin Cathedral on Museum Island. This hotel is a great wee find in a big city and I would go back when next visiting the superb Berlin Berlin card good value saved on many attractions up to 30 . Excellent breakfast served by a very friendly lady who tolerated our tardiness. good hotel, nice staff, nice rooms, clean, close to main attractions, restaurants, everyhting within walking distance On warmer nights food and drink could also be taken on the pleasant outdoor terrace, overlooking the canal. The hotel has an Indian restaurant, Shezan, with a summer patio, while its sister hotel has a bar and more restaurants can be found on the waterfront. I was actually going for low costs as my daughter wanted to pay her share. The Hotel itself is comfortable clean and in a very good location for getting around the city. It is an ideal location for exploring the City's many attractions on foot. And public transport not free 3 days in a row inspectors on underground checking tickets. There was a pleasant, traditional German food and bar area within 5 minutes walk. All in all, excellent value for money and a pleasant, comfortable hotel where staff are really friendly and helpful. Got upgraded to Derag on other side of road and staff and service amazing. The rooms are very comfortable, the complimentary water and beer was a nice touch. The metro u2 line is right outside the hotel and and this takes you to most of all the cities attractions. There is no guest bar or lounge although food and drink could be taken in the adjoining Indian restaurant which was also the Henriette's ownn restaurant. We both were surprised when we realized how nice it was and you were basically walking distance from the inner city. Very clean, modern, great location, wifi didn't work well but that's okay, otherwise everything was great! The hotel desk service staff were amazing, helpful, and cheerful. The room we had was very comfortable and was quiet at night so sleeping was no problem. At first I didn't realize the hotel was at such a central location. The Hotel is a one minutes walk to the nearest underground (Mariches) and about 10 minutes from the overground station - Jannowitzbrücke.
Hotel staff was very friendly and hospitable the suite  was clean and spacious, well equipped and functional. Location easily accessible to Atlanta midtown without the $500.00 per night price and $30 per night valet parking. One of the best memories of our week there was the GIFT WRAP center!!!! He was so friendly and even bought us medicine for an allergic reaction we experienced from face lotion. Also the luggage carts were wonky and need to be replaced. We stayed here for Dragon*Con over Labor Day weekend, and it was a great experience. The hotel places guests near Lenox Square and Legoland Discovery Center. This was an easier way to secure the accommodation, and then collect money from everyone staying in the room. The hotel was cozy, family friendly and comfortable,  Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Only real issue was noise - east facing rooms are adjacent to heavily traveled road and interstate. Carlos was amazing & is the reason we give a  higher rating! I liked everything about my stay except the issue with climate control in the 1 bedroom suites. Our room was on third floor facing the highway, way too noisy. I enjoyed the modern decor, all areas including my room were clean and well kept. People actually live there though and people smoke marijuana there and it stinks but all and all it was good stay. Since there was a group of six here, I was also able to book book now, pay later on Expedia, and then do a pre-authorized credit card charge with a form provided by the hotel. I booked their smallest suite, despite its size, the layout was very practical and efficient. These special acts of thoughtfulness made a Huge difference in making my overall environment conducive to healing. room really small, mattress in pull out sofa disgusting and had to be changed out immediately, breakfast was cheap and obviously about saving $$, plastic bag over smoke alarm from previous guest, not what I would expect from a Marriott property Plus, there are picnic areas and BBQ grills available for guest use. The price for what we got was excellent, and the entire experience had a very homey feel - from the personalized service to the fresh-baked cookies we were offered one evening while walking in. Wifi was not very good though, so bring your personal hot spot:-). The coffee was always HOT and delicious and breakfast was great! The room was always kept clean as were all the public areas. My only complaint was the mattress was too soft and I ended up with a sore back after my ten day stay. We were given six keycards with no problem... overall, an excellent amazing stay! Nearby dining spots include the Painted Pin and Wet Willie’s. The WiFi was fast though at one point I had issues with connectivity, but phone tech support was able to fix it right away. Took to long for the A/C to cool the bedroom area. The front desk officers should be a bit more flexible with guests. I liked parking in a deck instead of wide out in the open like you do at some places. Suites also offer private bathrooms and air-conditioning as well as full kitchens, flat-screen TVs, and free Internet access. So unless your door is open, you will be hot and uncomfortable. The TownePlace Suites Atlanta Buckhead lies within four miles of Atlanta Botanical Garden and Emory University, six miles from Georgia Aquarium, and is a 35-minute drive from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. It is good because the cleaning is good and the room is spacious. Suite configuration  is particularly convenient when traveling with children multiple family members. Had a small gym, Jacuzzi, and access to a pool. We had a suite with two queen beds, a living area, and kitchen area. Suite was equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, small dishwasher, access to free laundry as well. Located off the I-85, the TownePlace Suites Atlanta Buckhead is a three-star extended-stay hotel where amenities available to guests include fitness and business centres and an area shuttle service. Accommodation options include studios and one and two-bedroom suites, each one featuring one or two queen beds. They have quite cleverly installed a super quiet wall fan with a rheostat control in the bedroom. The suite itself was more than adequate, with a mini-kitchen (furnished), work table and nice sitting area. He was kind to our autistic son & connected with him - just went out of his way with us & others to serve and help in any way possible. The hotel is about a 10-15 minute Uber ride from Peachtree Center, and it was extremely convenient, with rides usually costing between $8-$10. The staff were so helpful in providing things that enhanced my recovery from an operation . It was easy to do and gave me peace of mind before arriving. Hotel facilities include a 24-hour front desk, concierge services, coin laundry, and free parking. Also had plenty of charging ports for computers, Kindles, cell phones, etc. on low volume to drown out some of the noise to fall asleep. Was so suprised at how nice and roomy our hotel room was. The kitchenette was very useful for my long term stay. I had the room right by the highway and you could hear it all night. Extra sheets and pillows were delivered, and one morning the front desk attendant even gave us two free drinks we were about to purchase, citing their special policy that allows them to do one favor for a guest. Spent four nights and was quite pleased with the facilities. From the moment we arrived, everyone was super friendly and courteous, and fulfilled every special request we had. They also had a very nice breakfast in the morning. The room was very clean and I slept better than I have for a while on the the bed I had.
If you get there at night the hotel name is not obvious .... Look for the one that says Hotel!!!. Our room was located to the back of the building and not on a Main Street. Rate did include breakfast, which was basic but adequate if for no other reason than coffee was available. I was not concerned about amenities and just needed a safe secure place for an overnight short stay. The hotel lobby looks small, but there is another sitting area on floor 1. This hotel is literally right across the street from the main train station north side. Perfect location, super clean, beds too soft, mini fridge broken Compared to its next door neighbor, this hotel was a huge disappointment. Some of the hotel staff were really friendly--others not as friendly. My guess is that there was a broken bidet in our room and some smells were coming up through the plug area. Right in front of the main train station in Hamburg, so location is key. Enjoy a buffet breakfast and views of the Kunsthalle Art gallery from the hotel’s breakfast room. There are two traditional German restaurants within a few steps of the hotel’s entrance. Great location for everything and for a 3* hotel it lived up well to expectations. There is a escalator  to the U2 and U4 down the street, so if using either of those lines then one doesn't even need to walk across the street. Room size and layout was clean, but cramped; bedding and linens were institutional at best. All are non-smoking and come with flat-screen TV, sitting area, safe and large en suite bathrooms with shower. No one was rude and that might have to do with their command of the English language. Hamburg City Hall, the Schauspielhaus, Binnenalster Lake and the Old Town are all within a mile. No hotpot, iron, laundry services, or any convenience that a business traveler would need. Breakfast was excellent, plenty of choice, staff were all fantastic, very helpful and friendly. Cramped shower w/awkward faucet made showering more like a yoga challenge. Guests can book discounted treatments at a spa located at a nearby partner hotel. The only complaint I had was that it did not smell very good in the bathroom. Staff showed a minimal amount of courtesy once my card was charged for the full amount of my stay. Great location, right outside the central train station, my room was spot on, a little dated, but no problems. Located in a 19th-century historic building opposite Hamburg's main train station, Novum Hotel Kronprinz Hamburg boasts individually-styled rooms with free high-speed internet, cable TV and a tasty buffet breakfast.
The shampoo was the same *The bathroom floor was covered in hair  *One of the bed's sheets were stained *Thin uncomfortable pillows *The battery cover on remote was missing *Window leaked and there was standing water and mold on the window sill *The bath faucet knob was full of mold *We asked for the bath to be cleaned. Set in a red brick building, GuestHouse Inn & Suites Nashville Music Valley is set in Music Valley Drive and less than two miles from the famous Grand Ole Opry. There is also an outlet mall next to the Opry for some shopping. The casual rooms include a microwave, cable TV and free Wi-Fi service. Room was fine, but the hallway on the third floor smelled like mold. (Have seen worse and better)Location was nice as we were close to everything we wanted to see during our short stay. This hotel isn't much of a beauty to look at, but a perfect place for a Nashville stay. This hotel was right across the road from the Grand Ole Opry and Opry Mills mall. Only one shuttle was available that seated only 5 passengers besides the driver. It is convenient to the Grand Ole Opry, though, and a shuttle stop to go to downtown Nashville. They did have hard boiled eggs...but I don’t eat those....probably for the majority of people out there the breakfast will work out well. When directions were needed they were provided with a smile. Near Opryland convention center and a few nice restaurants and bars. We slowly got checked in, and then the long list of what was wrong started:  *The hallway was dimly lit, all walls and doors had major paint scratches *The hallway ceilings were very low, the sprinklers barely above my husband's head *Sprinkler in the room had paint on it *The toiletries were used, the mouthwash was opened and half used. The beds weren't comfortable but for location to mall and Grande Ole Opryland it was good. Room okay, hotel close to the Opry and the cost okay for those of us on a budget. I would stick to a chain that has more standardized accommodations. With that said it was an ok place to stay for two nights. The walls are paper thin, the person next door kept his TV on all night and I could not get any sleep. wanted a nice hotel was very disappointed room had a bad smell everything was dusty not happy at all Hotel staff never offered an apology, and they even asked us to change our own sheets. And the pool has been in disrepair and unusable for months. every thing needed was close by or available at the INN. The most famous music landmarks such as the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, are about six miles away. Late on Saturday night we came in to the hotel with take out and forgot silverware. It just seemed like an old hotel without an equipment upgrade budget. I reiterated it one more time and they said call the front desk if there is a problem. Our room had vinyl flooring, but had not been swept/ cleaned. Everything just seemed dated like it hadn't been touched in twenty years. The maid came and mopped the center of the bathroom and still did not clean up any of the hair on the floor *The refrigerator was missing all of the shelves and the door shelves, so the drinks we bought had to be placed in the bottom of the refrigerator *The indoor pool was closed and looked like it had been for a very long time *Work out room had few horribly working equipment (junk) *There were a few signs up about renovations, but there was no sign of any work  We had to stay the night because all other hotels were booked for the night and we had no choice. The front desk personnel were very nice, polite and helpful (especially Justin). We were able to walk to the Grand Ole Opry and have a great time there. After two nights we left feeling as as if we had mild pneumonia. They're currently under going renovation, that is making the rooms even more pleasant. When the person would clear the phlegm out of their throat and huck a loogie it sounded like they were in my room...it was gross. Breakfast was skimpy, pastry/bread box was out of almost everything....had to go out to eat breakfast after eating breakfast in motel. After some of the hotels I have been in this is a vast improvement. We spoke to others staying there the next morning at the not great breakfast, and they all had the same experience. We had stayed at this hotel last year and it did not have this odor. We had a room on the third floor and the whole floor had an odor to it when you walked off the elevator. Older hotel,swimming pool area was in pretty bad shape ,smelt like mold in our room. Bathrooms had mildew on the walls between the tiles - just a very tired hotel. The hotel was clean and everything in the restroom seemed to work correctly. Also, even though our room was a non-smoking room, it smelled of cigarette smoke. Our 2nd floor ice machine was broken so had to go to 3rd floor to get some. Other services include guest coin-operated laundry services and a hot tub. The shower was horable, it was a small stream of water with little pressure. They picked based on ratings and all were furious with the obviously not true ratings posted. The front desk staff was kind enough to find silverware for us. There's an indoor swimming pool that opens starting in May. Love the view out the window, and the mural on the wall in our room. Upon arriving to the hotel we noticed that the pool was empty. Hotel was okay, people at the front desk friendly except for the big guy with a goatee, kind of superior type, not a good communicator. Wife went to the front counter to get new sheets and it took them for ever to find clean ones so obviously they don’t clean their sheets to often Room was dirty food in the floor beside the bed. The next night came and the TV was turned down but SINCE IT SOUNDS like it is in my room I still had the noise problem. We were a little concerned about our long standing booking after reading recent reviews, but we were very pleasantly surprised to find our room to be spacious, clean, quiet & nice to relax in. Guests can enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast in the morning. The breakfast was good..lots of carbs ....it all looked great....But I’m going low carbs...so most was off limits lol. There was a great restaurant just across the street . Going through a remodel but the smell in hallways was awful. We understood that renovation happen, but I feel the the proper thing to do is to make a note of it on this site or at least the hotel page. The location to the Grand Ole Opry is excellent and the entire staff very friendly. Everyone was nice and the room was great in joyed  our stay . We were using this as a stop to sleep on a longer road trip. The second room we were transferred to smelled like moth balls. I’m sure after a while it won’t be as noticeable. Stayed last year during renovation and were hoping would be done and better this year. Almost every inch on carpeting in the hotel was stained and filthy. One hotel employee was not pleasant at all when shuttling us back and forth. House keeping came by at 8am and woke us up multiple times. Amazing staff and the place was like home we'll be staying there again. I told the front desk about the noise passing through the walls  and asked them to have the person turn off their TV after 2 AM in the morning and they said they would tell the person to turn it down. If it is just my room (which I doubt) then they should tear the walls apart and put insulation in the walls. Shuttle bus service is nice but small, we need to wait for the 3rd round and late for the conference. There were many of us that needed to get to the convention center at the same time. The hotel offers guests a complimentary shuttle to the airport and in-room mini fridges. Could slightly smell it when checked in, but our stay on the 2nd floor was literally gagging. A couple of great bonus features were, daily breakfast and a prompt, courteous complimentary airport pickup & drop off as well as a shuttle service to nearby Opryland. We has booked for 5 nights, but only stayed 1. Staff was very friendly and the rooms were quiet enough. Would not have stayed if I could have gotten a refund. Not the nicest place in the area, but can't beat the location and the cost. The carpet needed to be cleaned and I found popcorn by my bed when we arrived. Nice hotel just wish they would've told us before we checked in the pools weren't able to be used. Good deal for a hotel this close to Opryland Convention Center; especially since it has good wi-fi, decent continental breakfast, and a free shuttle to and from the convention center. The Grayline has a hop on hop off tour and each morning provides a shuttle to downtown (if you buy a tour) and back again in the afternoon. We could here a maid arguing with someone on her sale phone and it was a very loud argument with lots of colorful language. I said you don't understand the walls are paper thin (sound wise) and that wont help and they said they would tell them to turn it down. Carpets in hallway on fourth floor at least, seriously needed vacumning. We try to stay at this hotel every time we're in Nashville. There was a very odd smell when you entered the lobby, as if an unpleasant odor was being masked by some type of canned air freshener. When we got into our room we noticed the floor had not been swept and had to get the maid to come in and sweep and wash the floor. Pool area was dumpy, needs some paint on the woodwork and new carpet. desk clerk helpful ,ordering shuttle and overall.garbage bin out front of hotel was over filled and falling on ground everyday we were there. GuestHouse Inn & Suites Nashville Music Valley is two miles form Opry Mills shopping centre and five miles from Andrew Jackson's Hermitage. The staff was very nice and helpful but there's only so much they can do. Seemed to be short on staff which is why the room floors and bath could have been cleaner. Good special staff very cooperative and the good thing is , it has free ride to Airport and Gaylord Opryland conversation Center We got a new room and as we were getting settled in a cockroach ran across the floor. The actual room was so musty and humid that the carpet was always damp, the air was thick , and it was necessary to run the AC (which rattled noisily) on high the entire time just to make the atmosphere breathable. Hotel definitely is in need of updates, which it appears that they're planning to do. Great location right off Briley Parkway and 5 minutes from the Opry Theater. It was not anything fancy but it was great for what we needed. Sons room did not have clean sheets and he had to get clean ones from desk and change them himself. 5 minute drive from the Grand Ole Opry, Cooters place, and Gaylord Opry hotel. Guests can also enjoy the fitness room and meeting facilities. Once in our room we found used soap bottles and wrappers in the shower. The restaurant has great music and good food , the hotel recommend the restaurant They are redoing the hotel and it seems like a long work in progress. Everytime we would move they would make a banging noise or squeeking noise. Our room was non-smoking but it had been smoked in and tried to cover it up with strong cinnamon smell. I would only recommend this hotel after a good, thorough cleaning. The room we originally booked into smelled musty and there was water in the fridge, wet carpet surrounding the fridge. However, the rooms are somewhat shabby and not as clean appearing as I would prefer; some stains on carpet and upholstered furniture, for example. They refunded our money, and we went to another hotel. Love the guest staff they were great but the whole atmosphere at the hotel was poor. The room service did not place enough soap, shampoo, shower cap, lotion for 4 of us. My boyfriend and I stayed at the GuestHouse Inn and Suites. The person in the room next door was not the problem, it is the thin walls. The only complaint I would have is that the bathroom is so small!! There was trash on our floor when we got into the room. Once we opened our door and took the key out the door automatically locked and wouldn't shut so we had to lock it but re-inserting the key and lock it that way. Though the room was spacious & Rudy, everything was very wirn, outdated & had an idir. Place only 'alright' due to horrendous smell of used kitty litter (strong ammonia odor) on first 2 floors. The couch in our room was dirty and the floor was super dirty as well. Pictures look nice so I snagged it up, the mattress looked like there was a murder scene on it! I have to say for the price we paid I was content. Nice clean rooms but paper thin walls, heard our neighbors talking conversation till 1 am. Loved the music mural on the wall in our room though, that was cool. The staff was really friendly and the room was clean. There were a few times we could here people in the next rooms...but no different than other hotels. We didn't have a do not disturb sign so we couldn't hang it on the door. Gave us a key to someone's room and all they could say was oopsie. Make sure to get a newly renovated room if possible. Right next to the hotel is a strip small with a Grayline bus terminal. With that it was extremely noticeable that there was no odor and that the carpets were in much cleaner condition. Nope...main reason for choosing this hotel was for the kids to use the pool and at the time of booking (through expedia) it wasnt noted on the site that pool was closed...beds were ok pillows were thinner than a newspaper...whole hotel has an odd odor (maybe from remodeling) air conditioner made weird noise the entire night....the newly painted room looked horrible.....overall if you need a budget friendly place to stay its meh....but don't expect much.... We did notice an odd smell each time we walked in. But they did make it a good experience for us. The hotel was conveniently located to the convention center that we needed to attend. Decent place for the price, but the beds were not comfortable and I'm the rooms (especially bathroom) could be a bit cleaner. The bathroom tiles were moldy, and the toilet seat was broken. Our son has dr visits annually at Vanderbilt children’s hospital. All pillows and blankets were still dirty had hairs and smelt like sweat! I put a towel in the door crack space and put tissue in my ears, this did not help. I was really leery of keeping this booking after reading other reviews. Our  Room off the lobby was a little noisy but not bad.
I booked this hotel with the intent of using the pool. We checked out early the next morning and stayed in another motel for the duration of our trip. Room was super hot, I don't know why the AC out of nowhere during night it turns off.. the clientel running around the casino caught me off guard. 1st they were giving me a hard time checking in so I didn’t get the room I paid for  2nd every night I was there we never been asked to show our key card! This hotel was on the strip and close to the other hotels. The Buffet was expensive as are most now in Las Vegas. Had to walk to the Paris hotel to sit by a pool in January/February. I am more upset with Travelocity for promoting a $25 pool credit at a hotel where the pool was not even open!!! We had a good over all experience (as usual) except for Mr Marshall ! Just a shower with no curtain or door and floor very slippery as water sprays out. The view was great, the beds were very comfortable, the room was spotless and there were refillable shampoo, conditioner and body wash pumps in the shower (yay for the environment). Luckily, Harrahs was nice enough to turn it into a food and beverage credit. When I turned off the internet and used data I could see the map. However we paid the $30 dollars a night so not to contribute to loses of jobs. Too bad we had to pay for the extra night given that we really didn't get to use it. they charged extra frees if you want to have your room clean everyday and with new towels.. It wasn't really bad but not up to my standards. Smell bad.Misleading information.Wifi just for 2 people  You have to pay $14.95 per day if you use more than 2 devices Not recommendation.Not  happy at all Water pressure was terrible, the shower and the bath ran at the same time. Was told I COULD use it for food or drinks. I think the hotel works on a first come basis instead of honoring reservations. Elevators were the quickest of any hotel I ever was in. It was a bit on the dark side, and seemed a bit out dated. Shopping malls close by (fashion show mall), Caesars palace and another back towards MGM. Minus the very fruity air freshener that was circulating throughout the entire building, I would highly recommend Harrah’s. When I used the internet (at $23/day on the resort package) it messed up my phone and I got NO service. The hotel location is perfect right in the center of the strip the carnival bar is awesome not recommended for families only adults had    Lots of fun Loved the ease of getting to our room and getting food. no excuse for  allowing inappropriate clothed, yelling, drink spilling, obnoxious people to make it annoying to others. Concierge was asked to make reservation for 40th bday party with cake for nice steak house at freemont experience and failed miserably. Location is the only thing Harrahs has going for it. I upgraded the room to a 2 bedroom suite and the suite was nice. The hotel was right in the middle of the strip which was very convenient for us since we were able to walk everywhere. I decided to check in with the machine and I ended up with a shitty dirty room with no storage and the bed comforter is filthy dirty. the last day we were harassed by a security guard to show our hotel pass when I already gave him My suite # we were in and still wouldn’t let us get in the Elevator Beside that enjoyed my time in Vegas Not a bad hotel, but I believe it is overpriced. It was just oh well as Taylor shut down and no longer spoke to us. This can’t help but put a damper on an otherwise good trip. Casino is not as big/fancy as some of the others - but rooms are great. Check in is ridiously slow as well as the internet service in our room. Once I arrived I was pushed off to a single bed room and treated rudely by Taylor at the front desk. Meals were high and the wait at the machines for drinks were slow. Harrah's Las Vegas is an affordable, welcoming resort where guests can break away from their daily routine in a playful atmosphere. Spa closed too early to use in the evening and buffet was pricey and no frills with no melted butter for seafood and no spinach salad. Everything was great except we did not get our scheduled wakeup call. The concierge was extremely helpful when the lobby kiosk said our room was not ready 4 hours after check in started. The cleaners of the rooms for so kind and helpful This is a great program that I use whenever I travel. Opted out of the daily house keeping for $10/day credit. The shower didn’t have a shower curtain but maybe that’s the new thing. I will remember this in the future when considering to use Travelocity again. The newly remodeled part of the hotel is very nice! The Piano Bar delivers non-stop fun with dueling pianos, live entertainment from Big Elvis and karaoke. Resort fee was outrageous and wasn’t included in booking until we arrived. So by the time you pay the resort fee and the parking fee you need to add another $40 to your room charge per night. couple lights were out and one of the toilets was hard to flush Worst hotel in Vegas.. We arrived at 9pm and the room wasn't clean up/ready.. even though check in is at 4pm. The casino was the smokiest of all the others on the strip. I don't think I will stay at this hotel again. The pillows feel like bricks and you can hear everything from the other rooms I asked for a receipt and he said I didn't get one until I checked out. Handy location mid strip and very easy self parking option. It was just bad to wait in so many long lines. The free breakfast a $9 credit for Starbucks is pretty much useless as it doesn't even buy you a large coffee and muffin or bread loaf. However, someone still came into my room, went through my things and stole a case and some smaller items. I had to wait an extra hour to get my room ready. The room was clean and the staff was very helpful. Also Harrah's concierge is an outside vendor and all they did was tell me they'd send me a $25 gift card to resruraunt.com which I never got. Harrah's now has automatic machines that you can check in with. It doesn't have the wow factor like other hotels/resorts, but the room was updated, everything was easy to get to, great location on the strip! I was disappointed to find out that we owed a substantial fee for our room in addition to the charges we had already paid prior to our arrival. Can stay at a hotel for the same price on the strip with much better quality. They were very clean, and the cleaning people were very friendly. However the issue was resolved a few days after we had left not that anyone contacted me! Although it was on the cheaper side, we paid for an upgraded room in the new part of the hotel and still only got plastic cups. Overall clean room at a reasonable price but would have stayed a little further away for renovated rooms in hindsight. The wait at check in and check out was terrible. My AC would not cool the room down below 69 degrees. This year we were given two adjoining rooms in C tower. We were seated and then after a bit, we were told we would have to go get our own drinks. But a big plus was the Ben and Jerry Ice Cream store on the second floor. I would pay a little more and stay elsewhere if I was to find myself back in Vegas. Staff were very efficient and the hotel it's self is a great place to eat drink and be entertained . Flair bartenders wow guests in the outdoor Carnaval Court bar. We were supposed to have been able to check in at 3:00pm, but was not able to check in until midnight due to them giving our hotel room away, even though we had a prepaid reservation and a confirmation, the day prior, that the room would be ready. Even though they have self check-in / check-out Kiosk's they directed me at both occasions to the front desk where I waited for over 30 minutes both times. My first time visiting Las Vegas, I chose this hotel because of comfort, friendly staff and service. We opt to pay rather than take a $20 dollar reduction to the bill. When we arrived on Friday evening, the check in line had about 75 people in it. I looked forward to my stay but once i arrived it was downhill. These rooms were gorgeous, and very updated, although the views were facing the parking lot. Sorry to say I will not be staying there again. It was pretty clean but I found some dirt on the tables. There was no dresser to store our clothes in just a closet for hang up items so I had to keep my clothes in my suit case. I have received print out of any charges etc when requested. very clean  and a good location everything you need in one location Just wish the people that checked you in were a little more friendlier . Extreme convoluted check in procedure to get two rooms  Tired unfriendly staff  Minimum amenities in room. Small pool with both sides of prime sun space reserved for diamond members only which were ALL vacant but no one could use them. The other couple received vouchers for food and other stuff for staying there for the firat time and we did not. The rooms need work, and even my Uber driver said they need to tear it down Love the location and the style of the room but was so disappointed to find out that I did not have a choice on using the Gym and was still had to pay for it and they would not give in. Our booking was for march 16th -19th but our flight didn't get in until late and didn't get to the hotel until early on the 17th. The staff will make sure that your stay is perfect. It was an amazing experience, I'll would totally recommend this hotel to friends and family. Internet in my room on the 9th floor was spotty on my phone but my tablet picked it up ok. My license would not work for me to self check so when I went to the counter she was going to charge me 30.00 instead of the 10.00 fee for checking in early. We like the location of Harrah's, but thought we could have done a bit better with the price of the rooms. Room was very comfortable for the short amount of time we spent in there. They didn't pick up the trash one day Food at the food court is awful, their taco salad got me sick and their customer service is just terrible, they don't care about the customers at all. First of all, I booked 2 queen beds which I paid for and was charged extra for as it is more than just a king. Next visit of course it would be at the Harrah's. It was great but my suggestion is they need more check in people long lines for check in and check out (which we almost missed our flight) only 1-2 people for a long line was a bit frustrating My fiance and I stayed a night at Harrahs in Las Vegas and absolutely loved it. Clean hotel, pool was good as was the health club. We were not even directed on where to locate our room. The casino has to be the noisiest of all the casino's. Very disappointed we had to pay extra to have the room cleaned. A few of us meet in Vegas every year for a small reunion. To make up for this, they upgraded us to another room and took one day of resort fees away from our overall bill, but this did not make up fully for the extremely late check in time. Room was nice very large for 2 ppl nice tub, no shower door was odd. The room was old and out dated and I was stunned. What is a $35 a day resort fee anyway which what I was charged on top of the hotel cost. After our arrival, we put our bags in our room and then went to have dinner at the buffet on the casino floor. Very convenient location, nice staffers and very attentive house keepers. She sent us to the Freemont hotel with a reservation for a steakhouse in freemont California! They upgraded us to their new renovated wing and it was beautiful. We had never stayed at Harrah's - only eaten the buffet before. The center-Strip hotel offers more than 2,500 hotel rooms and suites. did not enjoy seeing young kids in strollers as well as early teens, not being supervised by PARENTS???? There are no maps of the strip, good thing I have my phone. Granted, the cost difference is not huge but we are talking principle. We were treated as though we were paying for a $400/night hotel. Marshall said I didn't have a choice and he had my credit card and already applied the charge. Very nice room renovation but needs to reconsider where electrical outlets are placed in the room We were not difficult or hostile but had no offer of apology or understanding for the inconvenience. They pointed in the direction to get drinks which was about 40 yards away. I don't know what they have a resort fee of 40$ daily if you're already paying for nightly rental. There were lots of video poker games to choose from. We booked because Orbitz had a great deal for a one night booking and were so impressed. I get that not all casinos have pools open year round but it would have been nice to know that at check in. There was only a small bar of soap in the bathroom to use. Stayed in a Valley Room and thought they were very nice. They should have said you HAVE to use it for food or drinks. I would have booked a different hotel, had this information been given while searching. So the low price for the room is not so low after all. easy to get around in the area, rt in the middle of the strip. I liked my room and the hotel staff that I dealt with were good. This hotel was the cheapest of the hotels on the strip, but I guess you get what you pay for, so can't complain too much. i have stayed here b4 and it seems to be going in the wrong direction. We learned that the front door had fallen on another customer and they had trouble finding a replacement door. Coffee pot not provided and extra mirror for women to put make up on. We were surprised when we checked in, to be given a credit for Starbucks coffee, good for the three days we were at the hote. I was double charged for the  Menopause musical once by the box office and then on my Harrahs final invoice. Rooms might be cheap but they charge you for everything else you can possibly think of. I dont feel they should charge to get your room cleaned and if your staying at the hotel you should get more discounts for food Once we wandered around and asked a guard at the first tower we reached for directions we found it. Have stayed at Harrah's previous and ne hesitation in staying again. Not as showy as others but very good value for money Was very disappointed that there was no refrigerator in room. Comfortable beds, smells very clean and lots of good food right at the hotel. Would recommend to a friend and also come back again myself . Very good hotel on the strip near to all interest places in Las Vegas strip There are six shows on property including Tenors of Rock, The Righteous Brothers: Bill Medley & Bucky Heard and longtime Vegas magician Mac King. My brother who got a room as well, paid 25 more, but received an extremely good hotel room. The resort fee of $39 a day for free local calls, use of the fitness center and free wifi is a sham!!! My girlfriend became ill during dinner and tried to make her way out of the buffet and to a restroom, but was grabbed by a man while in route. So we were not provided the accomodations I paid for, I am treated rudely by the desk staff and left to aimlessly try to find my room and I am relegated to the worst of the hotel. After receiving my credit card to pay resort fee he informs me he is also going to charge a 150.00 fee for possible room service during my stay. Easy to get in and out of by foot or by car. I like to stay at a different hotel every time I go to see what they are like. Harrah's Las Vegas features 87,000 square feet of casino space with a redesigned race and sports book. On the plus side the staff were lovely and helpful! Restaurants encompass everything from country star Toby Keith's casual I Love This Bar & Grill to Ruth's Chris Steak House, a romantic, upscale venue with breathtaking views of the Strip. Needless to say we had to scrounge for food for 6 at the last minute and tony Romas was not birthday dinner quality but the food was cheap and the service sucked! We stayed at Harrah's last year and was a bit disappointed with the rooms. I signed up for the no service for the duration of my stay. Next trip to Vegas, we will find a different hotel. So they gave me $40.00 off my bill and I had NO maid service the whole 7 days there. Stood in the mardi grass room and it was very outdated, hallways smells like weed, really cold hallway, small pool, not every restaurant was open. They also had auto check in machines which made check in and out effortless and quick (no lines) - Next time we stay in Vegas in June we will be back! Great location, right in the sweet spot of the strip. No free standing fan available and if you want a mini fridge you need to pay 15.00 per night. Yet, instead, Travelocity lures you with a pool credit for a pool that you can’t use. This makes it appear to be less expensive compared to other hotels when searching, but it is not. Great service, friendliness, quick response to room door not locking. I have stayed many times at Total Rewards hotels and never had  any difficulties with the hotel or clerks until now. We went as a group of two couples with separate reservations. The newly renovated rooms in the Valley tower are very nice.
The only issue we had was that during our 2 night stay, our room door key rarely worked which was a bit of a hassle, which was a problem shared by one of our neighbors as well other than that we enjoyed our stay, the best feature is being right on the beach. Every room has a beach facing balcony which is a great feature. Room was clean, staff was nice, and location was great. Very fun place to vacation just wish the weather would have cooperated. For some reason though they had issues with the toilet handles breaking or it just not being the easiest to flush. Breakfast is not diabetic friendly but our room had a full sized fridge/freezer, stove, toaster and microwave with cookware available. A quick walk past the pool and you’re on the beautiful beach. It is right on the beach and has a heated pool and a hot tub. The pool is a decent size for a little fun with the family. Layout of the rooms is excellent and rooms are large and comfortable. We decided to just tough it out the last day as we didn’t want to repack our belongings back up just to unpack somewhere else. Housekeeping never cleaned our room until the day before we left! Even asked which floor I would prefer, since there was several rooms available. The area was good but the room was not fully clean, we found a pair of underwear by the bed. The hotel was great overall, the suite was spacious and the kitchenette had all the pans and dishes needed to make meals. The spare blanket in the  dresser need washed and probably kept in plastic to prevent it from being smelly. The room was nice, the staff very friendly and personal, and the amenities are perfect! great place to stay close to shopping and close to pier park where we spent 90% of our time in the car show The pool is heated and the hot tub was just right. The staff was very friendly and the room was a good value. The complementary Breakfast and coffee was terrible Beach and Cabana man we're excellent! It was ok. Room was a bit dated and the grounds could do with a modern upgrade. Was exactly what I was looking for in my mini vacation The view is  gorgeous if you stay 4th and above. Do yourself a favor and stay a few blocks off the strip where it's more quiet. All of the reviews for this place said it was older but great so I booked it thinking that it was a steal. The carpet felt gross, the paint was coming off the ceiling in the bathroom, and the AC worked just enough to leave the entire room feeling muggy but livable. All in all very happy with the our choice of choosing Beachcomber by the sea. The only issue we had was that our ac unit cover fell off the unit and the filter was pretty filthy. The suite is well layed out in terms of usable space. Unacceptable: this is not mentioned anywhere upon booking, nor on the hotel's website. Maids did not clean room on one day after request in Twice. The complimentry  breakfast was below par, dont expect a buffet. Overall for a short stay it would be ok, but for a week or so, I would prefer something more modern. Will definitely be my choice whenever I go to PCB! They could provide a small broom and dustpan so that we could sweep up sand that gets tracked in. This hotel was perfect for me during my stay for the Seabreeze Jazz Festival. My husband actually had a bite mark on his leg when he woke up. Although we aren't going to do any cooking while we are there, it is so nice to have a full refrigerator to keep our leftovers and a microwave to warm them up. The street noise was unbearable the first night so we had to sleep with the AC fan on all night which froze us because the bed only had a sheet and a thin blanket on it. Full kitchen with cookware, standard bathroom, spacious layout for up to 6 guests. When i entered the lobby had a funky smell and if my payment was not already made,i would have tried to book somewhere else. Upper room was quiet despite being directly on a busy street. Got here early and got a room with no problem. We got there and I was immediately uneasy when we pulled up to the front. Even the few repairs that had been done were only half way finished. I think a pack of Band-Aids would be good to have available. Apartments include a separate living area from the bedroom, fully equipped kitchens, private bathrooms with shower/tub combination and hair dryer, air conditioning, flat-screen TVs in all rooms, air conditioning, a pullout sofa and a balcony. The chairs on the balony were two old chairs and they did not even have a table. Like the room is perfect for families love the view and the heated pool Mr. Esmond, the bartender at the onsite Tiki bar is amazing and made our stay even more enjoyable! The bathroom had dirt and grime in the corners of the room and around the door stop. The pool, hot tub and tiki bar were clean and beautiful. Toilet seat and bathroom door were broken Traffic noise from Beach Front Drive. We have stayed at The Beachcomber many times but not in the past 2 years. A very short drive to the Russels Pier and Pier Park for shopping and restaurants. What a pleasant surprise - it had been updated and is much nicer! The chairs and table on the balcony  need to be replaced.The bed was very comfortable which is a big plus. You could tell that they definitely only gave it a quick once over. The room was nice - a little dated but clean. The room was spacious and clean, every room has a beachfront view and it is also in walking distance to all the  nice restaurants and shopping. All of the rooms have a beachfront view, our room was nice and clean when we arrived, the kitchen arrive was a nice addition. My only complaint is that the WiFi only works near the lobby. The pool area was nice with comfortable chairs with cushions and umbrellas. And be sure to visit Winn Dixie across the street for and other things you forgot and they’ll even blow up beach inflatables! It took me an hour and a half to check in. The room had a nice double full bed, into kitchenette and then to the large living area with sofa bed, this was the beach front end of the room. When I called though, they came immediately to fix it. My daughter fell by the pool on concrete and of course started bleeding. Cleaning staff could use some improvement with timeliness, but overall it was a great stay! I just ended up going to buy my own box at a nearby CVS. I stayed there about 20 years ago so this was my second and just like the first time very impressed. Beautiful I must say I loved the view and the staff was awesome Hotel is okay and it’s very close to the beach a lot to do around the area The white sand beach and many water sports activities are right outside. Not filthy but need a good deep cleaning like the walls doors  cabinets and headboards. They don't have nearly enough spaces onsite for even half the rooms. When you pay for a vacation you want something nicer then where you live but this needed so many repairs. The only disappointment was there are not washer/dryers in the rooms. Very happy with location and very warm pool and hot tub, nice beach,  needs a little update on the room fixtures and beds, furniture etc,  but would love to stay again very good value. People in next room smoked Mary Jane everyday and made our kids sick. Was greeted by Andrea and was able to check-in early! The staff were awesome and all the rooms have an awesome beach front view from your private balcony. The type of suite was a pleasant surprise, as I didn’t know I would have an oven, stove and refrigerator in the room. Our only complaint is that the pool isn’t heated as it stated on website and our keycard NEVER worked correctly. Also, the ceiling outside the bathroom was wet, along with the carpet alongside the bathroom wall. They explained that they were short on help and it was Easter Sunday after all. Two tvs and wifi, which wasn't the greatest, but only used it in the evenings anyway. excellent time , accommodations were great , its not a 5 star hotel , but for the price , I was very satisfied . All in all, a perfect place for us to enjoy paradise! I had a King Suite and it was really comfortable and private. The bed was comfy, clean linens and perfect little kitchen with untesils and pot and pan to cook breakfast. Beachcomber By the Sea provides 24-hour front desk service, laundry facilities, beach access with loungers and umbrellas, beachview heated outdoor pool and whirlpool and a computer lounge. There are many restaurants, cafes and bars within a five minute walk. Location is better than any other we considered- only a short mile  away from the congested crowds of the main strip but close (1/2 block) to everything you need like Winn Dixie, CVS, fast food and sit down restaurants. Everything was great have a good experience there would recommend There was a drip in the ceiling in our bathroom and we were told that there was no one in the room above us. We were told that we had the option to get a new room, but that that location was booked and we would have to drive more than a mile up the road to a sister location. The Barefoot Hideaway Grill is located next to the hotel and is one of the last beachfront restaurants, offering seafood, burgers, sandwiches and drinks. The location was great and was within walking distance to restaurants.The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean but the carpet needed to be cleaned. All in all, it is a good value for the price. I just expected a room to be ready since I had one reserved. The hotel is located right on the beach which a plus. The hotel is located only a short drive from the Pier and all of the shops/restaurants by the Pier, which was nice. We ended up getting 3 blankets from the front desk and we laid them on top of the bed and slept on them to avoid being bitten again. We got up to the room and upon walking in I thought ok maybe it's not so bad but then I started looking around and you could clearly tell that the place needed some serious renovations. The check in and out was very easy due to great staff who were knowledgeable and friendly. Room was larger than expected; kitchenette was a surprise bonus. I would recommend to a friend and would use them again. Our room had a kitchenette and there was plenty of space. The front desk staff was amazing 10 out of 10. I have stayed at a few By the Sea resorts and the wifi has been an issue at atleast two of them. I'm about 95% positive the bed had bedbugs because I felt like I was being bitten by something all night. Gulf World Marine Park is less than two miles away. Beachcomber By the Sea is a beachfront resort offering vacation apartments near Frank Brown Park. The connection was so poor that I could not use the internet at all from my room. Unit was clean and well maintained but could use an update. The bedroom area is adequate, the bathroom area is adequate, and the din/living room is adequate. Other than that, it was an okay place to stay. My only other complaint is they don't seem to have any first aid kit. The grounds are gorgeous and every suite has an ocean front balcony. But right on the beach and the beds were comfy. The rooms layout, free quick breakfast, and pool area are perfect for his small children. Bedrooms are too small with Beds that were too soft and lumpy. They even have a poolside type of bar and grill. I asked the front desk for a band-aid and you would've thought I was asking for the impossible. We had made reservations for 4th of July as well but I cancelled because of the condition of the hotel. Lots of maintenance issues with cheap old fixtures and appliances .... even silverware was bad. You'll end up paying a lot less money and get a cleaner room in the end.
The room was clean & had a nice layout with separate sitting/ kitchenette area, balcony looked out toward city skyline. There is a railroad track which interrupted sleep, but was able to sleep otherwise. Was very unhappy that I paid extra for this “perk.” I did speak with the front desk about my disappointment and they let us eat breakfast (which I thought was included) for free. the room was very comfortable, it was 5 of us traveling husband and I and 3 teenage boys. The elevator smells, the carpet is shabby, the paint on the walls are cracked and peeling and there were ants in our room. Called front desk again and they noted someone did go but couldn't fix it. My wife told the manager Julie about the moldy robes, broken shower fixtures, no shower caps (my wife hair was really wet once we left), no more sponges and the bugs still on the balcony door but she seemed not to take it as serious if it was another guest of a certain race. Everyone was very pleasant and willing to make our stay a wonderful experience. A stopover before a cruise-what else can I add ? In my opinion they could all be part of the Ritz. The carpet could use a good cleaning and the water pressure in the shower could certainly use an upgrade. The lobby was the only appealing part of the hotel, but once you hit the elevator button to go to your room, that's where all the appeal comes to an abrupt stop. I stayed on the sixth floor and it had a garbage smell. We were apparently spoiled by Drury Hotels bc this was not at all what we were expecting. Yes, the hotel shows some wear but received a good deal for the price. It is a very nice place and the staff are very nice and helpful rooms have to be updated, new carpeting larger coffee makers. It is a 12.5 mile journey to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. This is an old Embassy Suites that should have been re-conditioned but was just turned over to  Sheraton. The hotel is nice but a long way from the tourist spots. Asked to moved but said they had no other rooms. This is a suites hotel, and the rooms are large and divided, the bed and pillows are exceptionally comfortable, and the staff is always there to please. A lot of noise around: train, highway,  the air conditioning system. everyone was very cordial except for one check clerk, she was rude and seemed to be bothered that we were asking questions. Despite the hotel being near empty they put the guests that they had closest to the train tracks. Sade, Yosmin, and Arthur we amazing (especially Arthur, he needs 10 thumbs up for his superb customer service!!). Arthur apologized for our terrible experience and his sincere concern was greatly appreciated. It was late when I arrived and there was only 1 desk person and there were numerous people in line waiting to check in. the room was right off of a train that went through at least 2 times during the night and we were not told about this, e.g. Hotel was clean and room was large - good value. They also provide guests with all the water and soft drinks they want. Outdated but from the looks of it that seemed to be the norm for Fort Lauderdale. Someone came to check bathroom when we were gone but it still didn't work. We were comfortable and happy with the stay, we decided to stay an extra day. Room is separated from the living room area which is great for those with children especially since there is a tv in both rooms. very nice hotel, rooms are also nice, very clean condition, staff very friendly specially Julie at the front desk, she was awesome!!! Hotel was quiet, relaxing & staff was very helpful & courteous. we booked this hotel because it had a door separating the bedroom from living room, but the door made noise every time the person sleeping in the living room needed to use the bathroom. My husband is ready to go back & spend a week in this pretty hotel. We were there for two nights and supposed to have breakfast each day but Sunday seems they forgot. Someone came in to check the tv but it started working on its own. The only positive thing was they let us leave with no charges. The staff was polite and helpful  also very  professional. This hotel should be imploded and build a new one. My family of four stayed here for the Christmas 2016 weekend. However, the bar/food is always closing or closed when we want to try it. Given time, it may improve, but they should advise guests that the hotel is under construction. Then they had an event going on and so much lobby noise. Then requested to be away from elevators and noisy area as we were there for a competition and would be up at 4 Am. The trash in my room was never removed during my 3 day stay and maybe that is why flies were abundant throughout the interior of the hotel. I had a plesant stay at this hotel, the staff was great, the Restaurant breakfast Buffet was very good. The comfort of the rooms with the separate living area is great. They had bottles of water, but cans of soda limited to sprite and coke...not satisfying for me bc I prefer Diet Coke. I love that management is constantly walking around and available. I assume the staff is well paid and taken care of because each employee from management to cleaning personnels, had a smile and would greet you. The front desk clerk was very nice and i was observing the other that was helping another couple. There is an en-suite bathroom with hairdryer; plus, the accommodation includes a microwave, mini-fridge, coffee maker and two telephones. The attendant..Sherry?..was moving as quickly as possible and was very efficient in her processing and was soo nice when I finally got checked in that I forgot all about being invonvenienced for the under staffing! everything was perfect, the reservation, the room, the cordiality from the people of the hotel, the hotel location, near to a lot places Located off a major road, next to train tracks and a private business airport. The shuttle driver would give us a ride if we needed to pick something up from the Walmart etc. We booked the Club Level, and took advantage of it by eating the food they provided both am and pm. This is our go to place whenever staying in this area! Blanket had huge stain on it so ordered a new one and I was going to give her the other but she said throw it in the corner. Great staff except for the bar maid unfriendly and rude. Torn carpet could hear everything outside when the loud room air conditioner wasn't on , holes in walls that were patched but not painted and paper the front door pep hole because it had been punched out. Very comfortable bedding 2 lg screen TV's a plus,small kitchenette w/microwave and refrig great! The hot water faucet was broken and the tub draining super slow the first night. Great staff   Too bad the hotel itself is old and dummpy. Then we were informed that breakfast is only included Monday- Friday for club level. Some minor upgrades need to be made but nothing major. Hotel was very nice comfy, clean and the staff were very nice with customers any thing you need they were ready to help you. We loved our stay, the staff was very nice and accommodating. By them knowing it was out anniversary the service could've and should've been much better. Had to order pillows and blankets for the bed as it was not done up. One suggestion i have is for improvements in the bed linens. when i called downstairs they said nothing they could do that the event would be over soon (my only wish was that I got that extra day the same price) OWELL. Talked to front desk about possible refund/compensation and all they gave was 3 free breakfast buffet at their restaurant the next day. I had to buy my own coffee maker.because the one provided splashed the water all over, it was too small for the filter they provided. They put us in the first room next to elevator, on the second floor, over the bar. With our busy life we just needed to get away. The gym area and equipment were excellent, really nice workout resources there. Located next door to a Regal cinema & several Resturaunts! Extremely pricy for a 3 star hotel that felt like a 2 star hotel. I greatly appreciated the fridge and microwave; since i travel with hungry boys, i make sure I bring extra drink and snacks. They switched our rooms & the new rooms were dirty. Great breakfast, supreme location and mostly quiet during evening hours. Waterfall inside with turtles and fish, and a fake alligator! I had an issue for about 3days where my room key would stop working but one young receptionist took the time and choose her words very wisely to let me know I was using the key card wrong and that the cards are very sensitive. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served at the Terrace 555 Restaurant & Bar which overlooks the atrium and waterfall. Pool towel replenishment was understaffed, phone at the pool is just for ordering drinks. Additional features include computers in the lobby, 13,000 square feet of meeting space and the Sheraton Club Lounge and Club level rooms. Sade made sure we got a nice surprise once we finished touring the hotel property which was a nice gesture. The staff are friendly and the hotel rooms are very spacious Do NOT was money on “club level.” The snacks when we arrived were packs of peanut butter and jelly Ritz crackers (my son is allergic to peanuts so no snack for him). In the next day, room cleaning was finished at 5pm. Longhorn Steak House and Alfiere Mediterranean Bistro are among the other restaurants in the neighborhood. However, the hotel was pricey, I booked it including breakfast and for the price I paid, I was expecting hot food  to order type of breakfast including omelette. I did find it odd that there wasn’t a trash can in the bathroom. The only thing I would say is to update the furniture, carpets in the room. There is a concierge service, free access to the fitness center, free parking and complimentary Starbucks teas and coffees, plus free weekday newspapers. Staff had everything that we asked for.. Room was clean and comfortable and a/c worked perfectly because I love too be cold. Also the breakfast staff was more attentive to the other guests which was only 4 of them but we felt that they served them more because of their race also. Bathroom soap dish fell off, bathroom tub was not very clean. Only complain was that the breakfast buffet consisted of veggie egg omelets...that were cold. The Port Everglades Cruise Port is one of the nearby features. I didn't have the problem since.I had my children with me and let the receptionist know, she placed on the second floor where at night I could hear the peaceful waterfalls. Suites at Sheraton Suites Fort Lauderdale At Cypress Creek have a separate living area with pull-out sofa, two HDTVs and free high-speed Internet. The hotel is situated close to a small shopping center which has a movie theatre as well. Next day 1 tv stated no signal again, called desk again but tv started working again but engineer also showed up. Arrived and couldn’t even check it at the respective check in time. Walking into this hotel, we felt like we had arrived in a fancy resort! Check in at 3pm, but went to room at 4:15, because room is not ready. Lobby looked good very fancy, check in slowed by the front desk person chatting with a friend. This hotel has the potential to be really nice, but its a mess right now. Sheraton Suites Fort Lauderdale At Cypress Creek is a three-star, ‘all-suite’ hotel. In the evening they had cut veggies, cold sweet potato fries, and crackers with cheese. Heads up, it’s continental style breakfast and cost is $15 per person.
It wasn’t good experience of staying because many things weren’t working I would not recommend this hotel to anyone as there are many other choices. Has restaurant located within but food was poor and wait staff that didn’t care about service In-room kitchens feature coffee making facilities as well as free bottled water and all rooms are equipped with a work desk and lamp. Other recreational facilities include basketball courts, tennis courts and a sand volley ball court. Very convenient as they have a free shuttle that takes you to the airport. It was comfortable and centrally located to the business I had in Houston He fixed it and all was well until the middle of the night when I woke up freezing again. Maintence said to call 24/7 if any other problems, but who wants to get out of bed at 4:00 am, and get dressed for maintence man to come to your room? Disappointed with lack of bathroom counter and no in room refrigerator Did stay at this hotel once before that’s way I booked it but, the service this time was not as good and staff wasn’t as friendly. I left at 2:30 am due to roaches crawling in my bed!! The manager tried to accommodate us & even gave us free deserts! Although it was late at night, she did not have a uniform on, but was wearing unprofessional clothes. Both the van driver from the airport and the front desk clerk were clearly not in the mood to be there, and neither are a credit to the hotel. The AC was working way too well and my room was cold and it took most of the night to warm it up so I could get to sleep. Good Eats Bar is the on-site restaurant and bar offering a relaxed dining environment without leaving the hotel. It is much more like a Motel 6, and should be sold and re-named. When we got to the room, I saw black mold around two of the outlets. They don't know about gold premium status , no complimentary breakfast as usually in holiday in express worldwide Holiday Inn Houston-Intercontinental Arpt is a pet-friendly hotel located just five kilometres from the Houston Intercontinental Airport and offers guests a complimentary shuttle service to this location as well as other nearby places of interest. When I questioned the desk clerk, they said their phones were down but the shuttle was out running around. The clerk was pre-occupied and not very helpful in telling me how to get my room. And the rooms were filled but I heard no noise. I did get there very late on Saturday morning at 0100 am. I stay at Holiday Inn enough to become Platinum Elite, so when stuck in Houston due to weather delays, I looked for one. Though it is close to the airport I only heard 2 airplanes. Funny thing was, the desk phone rang while we were talking which was received by an embarrassed look by the clerk. Holiday Inn Houston-Intercontinental Arpt offers an indoor and outdoor pool, a 24-hour business centre and gym. Hotel is old and needs upgrade however front desk people are very professional Other options include room service or off-site dining at nearby restaurants including Gumbo Jeaux's. This hotel is not far from world-class shopping at Deerbrook Mall and is also convenient to Jesse H. Jones Park and Nature Reserve. Quick and friendly check-in, lovely clean room and especially clean and spacious bathroom easily accessible by handicapped travellers. Probably ready for updating but would definitely stay here again. One of the elevators was broken but wait wasn't long for the working one. Need to improve upon shuttle service to airport Need to change phone number at franchise end ie old on Google Good service, hotel is in bad shape, needs a renovation rush. I selected this hotel because it was close to the car rental center easy in or out. My room (and a friends room too) both smelled musty and the carpet even felt a little wet in my room. The shuttle never showed up at terminal C, even though I tried to call the hotel for over an hour. The elevators were so dirty and looked like they haven't been cleaned in days! The shuttle drive was very rude & even passed us up! The smell throughout the whole hotel would be required professionals to try to get rid of it. Walking down the hall, there were several rooms labeled with blue painters tape as being unusable. This is not one to stay at, as it is not even close to the standards of the chain. I let her know we waited over an hour for the shuttle and it never came. Called for maintence because the thermostat wasn't working and the room was freezing. It was just out the way & i expected better rooms I stayed at this hotel because it has an onsite restaurant and airport shuttle whuch is convenient when you stay for just one night. In fact, her first set of instructions took me to a parking lot, so I had to re-trace my steps and ask her again. Very nice to stay close to airport if taking off early the next morning. And decided to work out and could not because the AC was not working and dirty. As we were checking out the next morning, I asked where the coffee was. The whole hotel was under construction, and the whole hotel was best describes as a mess. We did find some litter in room but given meal vouchers to compensate which were most acceptable. There was no hot water when I tried to take a shower in the morning. Staff was nice, but this is a gross hotel by the airport. There is a lack if convenient electrical outlets to use in the rooms, and the elevators look like they've seen better days. Hotel was primarily used as an overnight stay during connecting flights so did not fully utilize the facilities. The hotel was spread out over a large area, so it was a long way to my room.
that said in the past we always enjoyed the sushi restaurant but on this stay the sushi menu was greatly reduce and the dining room not as comfortable. The Islands Restaurant has yummy food, I had the flatbread pizza. Wish bar area was in a better location, rather than main entryway . I was at the hotel for a 2 day conference. However we are giving them a low rating because when we left a note for 2 extra towels, the maid completely ignored the request. Walked back to the desk again and this time a maintenance man was sent to fix the problem. This is an older hotel, but in a convenient location and the price was decent during our stay. The hotel has 11 meeting rooms with DVD player and digital projector. They were kind enough to give me extras when I asked for some more. It was a great time staying at this hotel, staff was friendly and the lounge and dining facilities were excellent. Went back to my room and guess what, the cards still didn't work. We used their complimentary shuttle service to nearby areas and that was very helpful. The location is very convenient as well, the farthest we drove to do anything was about 10 minutes. The ceiling around the air conditioning vent was very dirty. The  maintenance man tried to fix the AC, he had to access a crawl space above the ceiling. There was a stench from the garbage or trash at the entrance which was unpleasant. Below average for the price...  $180+$13 parking per night. This was our second visit to the hotel and for the second time they forgot to clean our room. I waited in line for awhile both to check in and out i was the only one waiting. We had to ask for room service to clean the room it was not done automatically. It's too bad there was no time to enjoy the restaurants and other amenities. However I think the hotel will be even better if they upgrade the flooring, the carpet dark and it appears to be dirty. Called the desk and another maintenance man was sent to our room. The toilet kept making a loud noise throughout the whole night. When we finally got back in the room we noticed that it was pretty warm. The Crowne Plaza San Diego – Mission Valley is a three star hotel located in the city of San Diego, California. In our room, there’s was trash from the previous guest in the closest and the bathtub was dirty. Loved the sleep kit with body/room spray, which made the room and pillows smell like a spa. Minor flooding issue in our room due to a plumbing problem. The bar lounge was a perfect ending to the dAy. Hotel would not (or could not) address the problem when we reported it around 11pm. There is a business center with computer and printer for guests to use. The staff's  phone manner was a challenge, but in-person, they are very friendly and helpful. I don't expect places and people to be perfect, but I don't expect to have to ask three times to get an issue resolved, especially a cleanliness issue. There were never any towels at the pool or whirlpool by the evening time. easy check in, clean room and very good sushi bar in lobby. We set the food outside with the dirty dishes and had to ask three times over several hours for it to be removed. I guess it's ok for business travelers with company credit cards, buts it's not for families vacationing on a budget. Guests can go for a workout at the onsite health and fitness center or go for a swim at the outdoor swimming pool. We would not have stayed except it was getting late and we were travelling with an animal and it would have taken too long to find another pet friendly hotel that night. Breakfast is NOT included, we had to pay for the continental breakfast and the food was ok, I’ve had better. Hotel gave us a 50 percent refund but we still feel that we overpaid for such an awful experience. Even though rooms are 'non-smoking our room did have a tiny bit of a musty smoke smell. Cocktail bar ( great Bartenders), Good restaurant ( service a little slow), good size pool, shuttle to airport. Upon arrival, this hotel brought me back to the 1970s. There's nothing impressive or exceptional about the room including the bathroom, the elevator, the halls and the pool looKS and feel dirty. The hotel offer 417 guest rooms and 12 suites divided over 8 floors. It was a quick overnight stay because of a meeting scheduled for the next day. Hotel needs some updating, wallpaper in our room was peeling and much of the property looks like it needs some repair (elevators and exterior especially). The room was clean but extremely hot, unable to regulate the air conditioner, no cool air coming in so I opened the terrace door, no refrigerator, no coffee maker,is that an added amenity with incidental fee? Overall, will not return or recommend this hotel to anyone. Room are spacious, the pool is huge and nice hotel staff are nice and helpful. The heat did not work in the 2nd room, so they us a portable heater. A $40.00 withdrawal to my credit card as s deodot, $13.00 for parking not mentioned in the ad. We requested a room change and it was easily taken care of. The hotel was not too busy when we went, so easy access to the pool etc. No way to tell when a show starts or what is on later.... $13.00 dollars a day to park on the property...? I didn't like that they charge for parking.. but I guess that is most hotels.. hard to find a parking space.. very limited Breakfast was excellent, but tables were not cleaned off in a timely manner . After our first hotel messing up our reservation dates, the crowne had an opening and checked us in around 10pm. By this time we were pretty upset and asked if we could have another room. Every room has a microwave, a fridge, and a balcony (80% sure on that one). However, its exterior is now rusted, courtyard unpruned, parking lot dark, and rooms dingy. They charge for parking and there’s usually NO Parkin available. old hotel, the first thing I got were extra charges that were not in the initial quote, poor breakfast but extremely expensive ... the second day I got a charge to my credit card for ten dollars that they did not know how to explain ... . The people in the next room woke us up they we're arguing at 12:30am. I had to wait a while at the front desk because other people were having the same problem as me. The room was unnatractive and the headboard was loose and banged every time I moved. centrally located to the San Diego area......facility is old, but shows signs of remodeling...comfortable stay The hotel is near the highway and only a short drive away from downtown San Diego and the International Airport of San Diego. I was expecting a business class hotel; it was actually a luxurious resort. Woke up to a moldy smell and the carpet outside the bathroom and all around the back wall of bathroom in and out were drenched. All the guest rooms have cable/satellite television with in room movies, coffee making facilities, high speed internet access, work desk, telephone with voicemail, individually controlled air conditioning, iron, ironing board, in room safe and windows that can be opened. I walked a long way to the front desk and the cards were supposedly fixed. There is highway traffic noise on the South side facing room we had, (nothing that earlplugs can't solve if you're a light sleeper. There is rooms service from 6.06 am to 1.10 pm. The quality of motel 6 (no offense to motel 6) the name of Crown Plaza is very misleading. Upon our arrival, there was someone else's dirty dishes left outside of the door to our room. But next time I'd request a room on the North side. This is a great hotel for fun and business trips. Did not care for people smoking marijuana in the hotel other than that I would stay again Overall the hotel is good, the rooms are clean and it have easy access to I-8 and nearby attractions. It took us over 30 min to wait for someone to leave. Overall a very nice hotel, will be going back again. First I was put in a very unsafe area right off the freeway they change me to a different room but I woke up with bedbug bites on my arm not a good experience This hotel was undoubtedly very cute and charming years ago.
There are 24 hour fitness facilities on-site plus a rooftop terrace for guests to enjoy. The bathtub needs grip strips--too slippery for older people to stand in the tub and shower. The private bathroom contains a shower and bath tub combo plus free toiletries. The 315 On A By Stay Alfred is located just 500 metres from Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, offering modern and comfortable apartments in the heart of Boston. Boston Tea Party Ship, Institute of Contemporary Art and Boston’s Children’s Museum are all within a five-minute walk of the 315 On A By Stay Alfred.Quincy Market and Boston Public Garden are both less than two kilometres away, whilst Fenway Park is four kilometres in distance. Self-serve laundry facilities are also available, whilst there is complimentary Wi-Fi supplied too. Although there is no in-house restaurant, the apartments are equipped with full kitchens to enable self-catering. Each unit is air-conditioned and features two bedrooms and a separate lounge area with a flat-screen TV.
The room was smoke filled and smelled like someone had smoked a carton in there right before we checked in. I have pictures of how discussing the room was, it was never ever clean. The room said non smoking but smelled like cigarettes and had an ash tray in it. Room only included one wash cloth for the three of us.The room was supposed to be nonsmoking but smelled like nothing but smoke. Beds were hard, pillows and sheets were not even changed. One of the worst Motel 6s I have been in. But the electricity went out twice in my 3 days. Houston Rockets basketball followers can cheer on their heroes 20 miles away at the Toyota Center. The bed was pretty good I found myself sleeping pretty well. Room smelled of smoke even though it states non smoking room. Eateries located within half-a-mile include American diners and English-style pubs serving food plus Italian, Thai and Indian restaurants. the room smell bad, the bed was not made, they refused to give me another room and at night I very noisy Situated ten minutes’ drive from both Memorial City Mall and George Bush Park for outdoor recreation, Motel 6 HoustonTx - West is about 15 minutes from Funplex Amusement Park. From bad customer services, unclean rooms, people doing drugs around the hotel. But other than that, it was I enjoyed my stay. Over time of being in the hotel I started noticing roaches crawling around in the room! There is garbage throughout the hallways as the facilities are never cleaned. I dialed Zero to setup a wake-up call, but no one answered. Lol Also never once did I reserve a handicap room, why because I am not handicapped. After waiting 25 minutes just to speak to the receptionist I was advised to go back to the lobby to get another room , and then when I arrived I had to wait another 30 minutes because there was no one at the front desk no sign no nothing . and not 1 staff member had the decency to let hotel guest what the problem was, was not informed then of the DNRAR (do not rent a room) guest list, not to mind you had 2 change rooms several times because of the nastiness of the Housekeepers, and its not like i have OCD or sum, jus saying that rely back on management, stayed again on 4/9/18, went to pay(try), and thats when I was told I was on the DNRAR list, if thats so why it did not pull up the night before, these people are full of it, they don't stand up to there name, and oh yea they do not LEAVE THE LIGHT ON FOR YOU!! It was the most disgusting place, please do not stay there, clogged bathroom hair in the tub, the floor was so dirty l had to throw my socks away. It could’ve been better if it didn’t smell smoking in an elevator or stairs. Good stay and quiet but not happy about not having free wifi. The woman behind the counter seemed to be lost while trying to handle the guest's transactions. It’s a pretty ghetto type of hotel, but that’s why it’s so cheep. we requested a smoking room and recieved a nonsmoking withburns in the bedding. The hotel management gave me a refund due to how bad the rooms were. Booked the room for my 9 year old daughter's birthday and she did not enjoy it at all. The bathroom definitely needed an update, or at least a good cleaning, but nothing about the stay was too terrible. There were towels that were ripped to make into smaller towels. Mold was in the bathroom and obvious burn marks were in the bathtub. And carried my luggage up 3 flights of stairs bc I’ll never use it again, plus smelled like urine. We supposedly were in a nonsmoking room, but it still smelled strongly of smoke. The hotel manager, housekeepers, maintenance man, (Patricia) , is so unprofessional, put me and my husband on a do not rent a room list all because we called corporate and complained about the lights had been out for over 7 hrs. It's not a safe place for you and anything park in there lot. I can't believe they let a place like that exist, or that expedia sells their rooms. microwave in lobby did not work, and ice taste like mold. Did not stay and would not give a refund although no one could stay in a room with mold would have gotten sick. The motel was wonderful but no coffee pot to make a cup of coffee or microwave to heat some things up in I asked why he said no one outside after ten, thought I was grown I'm sorry. Very disappointed that they wouldn't even call and let me know that my reservation could not be honored  Having to find another place when I was so exhausted and falling asleep from a long drive was very inconvenient  The only reason I booked there was location and I needed to safely get off the road so as to not fall asleep driving  Service 0 and everything else 0 because I received 0, not even consideration Called front desk he stated come to office might have one. The only reason this wasn’t a 1 was bc the took itself was decent. Was told by front desk staff they would not be able to accommodate me. All guests are allowed to smoke in all rooms and hallways. No one should b allowed to rent a room like that HEALTH HAZARD! We were informed by staff that they clean & empty garbage only 1 time per week. the beds had cigarette burns in a non smoking room. Does have plenty of places to go for dining and shopping nearby. Not a fan of the charge-for-wifi or the fact that there was only one ice machine, near the lobby, especially since we were in the back on the third floor. And there were no mini fridge or microwaves in room or that I saw around facility. I went to the hotel and the 2 rooms that were offered were not stayable. I was surprised that continental breakfast was not served as most motels I have stayed for the same price offer a light breakfast. Also they give 2 bath towels, 2 face towels, & 2 washcloths for that week. First motel  I have ever stayed at that the toilet paper was half used. It was hard to get to from HOU and kind of sketchy from the outside- not to mention I found multiple screws and even a straight razor blade in the parking lot. Room was very clean, and the staff was very helpful. Motel 6 HoustonTx - West provides simple low-cost accommodation at modern premises beside Interstate 10 in the Energy Corridor suburb about 20 minutes’ drive west of downtown Houston, Texas. Well that’s a lie because I was told I would have to purchase the WiFi but also that I was unable to purchase it because it was down Worst hotel ever, roaches crawling on me in my sleep. The bed was lumpy with ridges running from head to toe. Very dirty and smelled of cigarettes even in non-smoking room. My children did not want to even take a bath. I arrived at the hotel and there were 2 other guest in front of me. Amenities comprise a launderette, lift, seasonal outdoor swimming pool, 24-hour reception, vending machines and paid Wi-Fi throughout. WOW, then I stepped out of room door and was told by a cop who was called to property. I could not cancel and ended up having to find other accommodations. Yes just one he had no more at all 3 people one trial size. Also it is advertised that they have free WiFi . I attempted to check in and was promptly told that they hadn't had electricity since 5pm the day before. So we stood in line for a while just to get a room. I want to say food was stuck to pillowcase but I'm not even sure what it was. Then when the phone rings, instead of answering and asking the person on the phone if they can please hold for a brief one to two minutes, she stops handling the guest that she was working on and starts helping the guest on the phone first. 2017, the hotel is still using a wire internet, and $5/day for Wi-Fi password. Signs all over property lock your cars not responsible for break ins. We cleaned everything with clorox wipes, people were being arrested on the side when we got there. Just imagine the people residing there if it’s about $45/night. The bathroom is a mess with very low water pressure. The room was clean but in need of new flooring and a new mattress. Room was dirty, towels stained, shook roaches outside of my pillow. Service was horrible the first room I got was really dirty and the tv didn’t work . Bright, remodelled rooms featuring air-conditioning and en suite bathrooms with granite countertops boast 32-inch flat-screen cable TVs with free expanded channels, wood-effect flooring, free local calls and desks. Shower head has weak water pressure and lukewarm water, not hot.Bed uncomfortable. Sink faucet would splash out even at very low pressure. That I had to be in room with door closed. Hard to find, little to no restaurants around, and charged for the Wifi--seriously! Paid extra for wi-fi and it had a horrible connection. Ended up buying bleach to try and clean make comfortable for them. I like coming to stay at this hotel but early this morning the people next to me argued all morning I could hear the entire argument! The room is clean, but update for toilet and bathtub are seriously needed. Me and my girlfriend celebrated a day in houston and used motel6. The bed is ok but prefe a little more comfortable bed.
I was disappointed when we checked in that we weren't told about any of the amenities the hotel offered. Guests select from an elegant assortment—placing ideals of renewal and rejuvenation at the forefront their conceptual design—of rooms. This trip was to provide us a rest after Thanksgiving and Christmas events and family visits but it provided a nightmare. Guests might fancy taking a dip in the heated indoor pool—perfect for those rainy days when beach-attendance is ill-advised. Don't fall prey to the hype of other resort hotels. Carpet was dirty and had toilet running (need plumbing work) This time I did not enjoy my stay, my bed was made wrong (see pic).. To make matters worse the maid accused me of leaving my maltese alone in the room and reported me to the front desk. However, I am suppose to get 10k point instead for the SPG awards program. Westin Town Center even provides residents with shoe shining services. First of all, if she had tried to come in the room she would have noted someone had to be in there as the security latch can only be locked from the inside and also if there were any questions about my absence, they could have called the phone in the room. Breakfast in the cafe produced poorly cooked scones - overcooked and hard on the outside and undercooked inside. I was just looking for a room for 1 night, too bad I didn't have cause to stay longer. It was a decent day what I expected - the fire alarm going off at 1:30 in the morning! Only thing I got placed on the floor with the dog owners. I had to listen to barking and banging in the morning. The room was poorly maintained and the lobby was freezing. Everyone was nice and helpful the location is perfect and the hotel it self is very clean im telling everyone this is the hotel to stay at. Towels were not as “heavenly” as the bed and had to call down repeatedly for replacement towels. We had ask for at least a refund for the first night misery but they could not do it because we had booked and paid thru Travelocity. Prior to this we had been visited by 2 cleaning staff members one saying it was not his room but would come back at 1:00PM and another say they would com back at 4:00PM. The first day after one night stay we had to ask 3 different times for our room to be cleaned. Carpets had a footy odor and the Air Conditioning unit (on the roof outside) was LOUD. Great staff to assist within the hotel and the local outside activities. The staff was prompt with dealing with our noisy neighbors, I think they were throwing the ball against the adjoining door, but it was handled as soon as I called the front desk, TV remote wasn't working, maintenance came and gave us a new remote. Designer beds and bath tubs are inclusive to each en-suite lodging, as well. I have stayed in many Westin Hotels and this by far was in the worst condition for only being in existence for 10 years. It finally got cleaned at 8:00PM where we had to wait in the lobby of the hotel. Its her way of warning  me that someone is near or there is unexplained presence nearby. The ladies at the front desk were super friendly and very helpful! Great location.. attending a performance at the Sandler Center which was located across the street. We are seniors and this is too much work to relax. Feet had to touch the mattress protector because who ever made it did not stretch the sheets all the way from top to bottom.. Woke up in the middle of the night uncomfortable and had to move to the other bed (luckily it was made right). When booking with Westin Town Center, 35-miles of coastline permit fun-filled days at the beach. We have stayed at this hotel many times since it opened and found that it has not kept up to the standards of the chain. Executive chefs utilize only the freshest of organic ingredients to prepare the meals served in this coastal hotel’s Interlude Restaurant. It appears that the front desk and the room cleaning staff are not working together as a team. This hotel offered the most disappointing experience for me and the wife. They stated that we had to tell them when exactly we were out to the room. Although they do have a nice bar, the restaurant was extremely disappointing. It goes without saying that I would not recommend this hotel. I got a great deal on the room and was not at all expecting a 4+ star experience. We overheard the other staff person explaining these to another family checking in and had to ask several times to get any information. Well...if you have people going in and out of doors, slamming them, at all hours of the night and early morning, of course she's going to bark. I was disappointed because the tub would not drain during the shower. One of the doors of the cupboard containing the fridge was barely hanging by one hinge. I would stay here evertime i come to va beach this is the perfect hotel. Flat-screen television, direct-dial telephones, and complimentary toiletries secure that oft-longed for homely welcome. This pet-friendly luxury hotel features both valet and covered-self parking. I called the first night for it to be fixed and it never was It was a short overnight trip to attend a funeral/memorial service....convenient and close to shopping and restaurants. On the plus side, the employees at the hotel were very nice and accommodating. We needed to change our dates staying but the hotel had a no change/ cancellation no refund policy. Staff was extremely accommodating won our first room was unsatisfactory. The Restaurant was closed and is now used only for banquets---thus the only restaurant is in the bar area. We have given a manager and the front desk times we would be out of the room to clean but that did not happen. When using sink, hot and cold water was very hot, and continued to get hotter with use. Seemed offended that I had booked their hotel thru a third party. The only thing I didn't like was paying over $306 for one night for a room that had hair on the bathroom ceiling and shower wall. Maintenance issues in our room had not been dealt with, like faucetry in bathroom etc. Location a little weird, and parking deck is meh..... but once you are inside it is very relaxing. Bustling with shopping outlets, dining establishments, and historic sites—among other city-center attractions—, the residence of Westin Town Center places guests within convenient reach of it all. The bathroom was superficially clean but lots of accumulated dirt around the faucets and in corners.
Each is equipped with a satellite TV, personal safe, and a private bathroom with toiletries and hairdryer. The Museu Calouste Gulbenkian is only a 15-minute walk from this establishment. All rooms are fully air-conditioned and have overlooking views of the city. St. George's Castle and Gare do Oriente are within a 20-minute drive from the property. Breakfast meals can be enjoyed either in the Horizonte dining room or in the bedroom. Situated right across the Parque Underground Metro station in the vibrant heart of Lisbon, Residencial Horizonte offers recently renovated rooms and wireless Internet access all throughout. Residencial Horizonte features a 24-hour front desk that offers concierge and transportation services. Laundry facilities and a common lounge area are also available on-site. The on-site bar serves a variety of refreshing beverages, light snacks, and fresh coffee.
The bathroom floor tiles and wall tiles were stained, plumbing had no issues, but bathroom door could not close tight. Hotel seemed clean, yes it could use a facelift and there were a couple stains on carpets and on one of our lampshades. there was a roach on the elevator the room was filthy the floors were not vacuum to my whole stay the shower was dirty everything was bad about this hotel the hot tub was not hot lukewarm with broken Jets the pool was in bad condition paint chipping I really don't know how this hotel is running why they haven't been flagged just f****** disgusting I did have noisy neighbors but that could happen at any hotel. The room was extremely humid, as in you walk on floor and your socks get wet...you probably don't want to walk on floors barefoot they are so dirty. We did not try because the food is not appealing to us. The hotel is in an abandoned area with nothing of significance by it so the road is ideal for racing-if thats your sort of thing, apparently the police and hotel staff don't care. Would of liked to be nearer food places within walking distance 2.5 out of 5 Definately areas of improvement to be made. The hotel did not have our reservation from Expedia when we arrived. Aside from the smell of the hallways, it was worth the stay.... It was a little noisy but not a deal breaker. Still trying to figure out why I still have a $20 pending transaction.... And I checked out on 8/3 ... it's now 8/9 Love the fact close to the beach just 10 minutes away. When I asked a question she said it was whatever I booked online like I didn’t deserve service since I booked online . The light in the balcony is on all night long, you cannot turn it on or off, so light is coming in your room all night long. My room no curton had to change dress in room only need to use bathroom. There are no curtains in the room, the only thing they have are the sheer curtains, which block absolutely nothing. Due to the run down conditions, I would not stay in this hotel again. We were just passing through for the eclipse and so did not address the above issues with hotel staff. Not clean,  Room Carpet bathroom floor was very sticky and hall way was smoke smell. But as soon as you turn the corner towards the elevators and guest rooms you could smell nothing but the damp, old, and extremely MUSKY carpets. When we got there there was only 1 person serving everyone! I personally won't be back, but the staff was super nice. It was a reasonable price to begin with, but Expedia upped the price when I logged in. The hotel room was on the second floor above the outdoor pool. This lodging was experienced in the off-season with not many residents. waited 20mins and left to eat at the restaurant next door. Hotel was good for the price just wish we had the view on lake side rather than the parking lot. I had to do my Web based work in the lobby. That did it for me, that and when I pulled up the mattress to check for bedbugs there was trash and hair and dirt under the mattress linen.. no thanks. The beds were comfy and the room was clean and cool....and without the odor of the hall! I would expect the motorcycle noise if it was bike week-this was just a ridiculous number of rude idiots racing out in front of the hotel all night long-and yes I mean ALL NIGHT. Staff was excellent, Will on night shift was very courteous and helpful when we needed to change rooms. There is no one watching the pool area so kids do whatever they want, running around- turning the jets on/off, etc, eating in the pool 3. I will not stay here again until it is upgraded. The toilet handle was falling out of the toilet, so we had to take the cover off the toilet to pull the float up to flush-which the bowl inside was so black it looked like sewer water. All 148 rooms feature air-conditioning, cable TV with HBO, free Wi-Fi, coffee makers, hair dryers, irons and ironing boards, small refrigerators and work desks. LUCKILY, the actual guest rooms were like night and day from the halls of the hotel. Tried to get internet to work by letting me call their internet provider instead of doing it for me. If your looking to stay close to everything then this isn't the place, ask for a room overlooking the harbor, and there was hair everywhere. It was a horrible experience and can only say stay away! The Clarion Hotel is within walking distance of the Coastal Grand Mall and less than a 10-minute drive from WonderWorks, Ripley’s Aquarium, the Boardwalk, the Sky Wheel and the Family Kingdom Amusement Park. Upon check-in, I asked the girl who checked me in if i needed a deposit or key to safe and she said no, the safes are in the room, no key needed. This breakfast buffet was a joke and the people working in there don't really answer questions. The hotel offers an indoor-outdoor pool, a hot tub, a gym, a game room and guest laundry. Hotel is in an abandoned mall area with not much nearby. The hotel itself was extremely noisy-with people fighting in the halls/rooms and motorcycles. We called the front desk and they gave us the phone number of the company that handle their wifi system. The room we had in the far end could not connect to the internet. I go to my room and inspect room before unpacking, to my surprise, no safe.... Quite comfortable, good amenities, but WiFi was basically not there. Needs a microwave... but all in all it was great! I am not a picky person but this has been the most uncomfortable stay to say the least- 1. it is not very clean, there are stains all over carpet, bathrooms are icky, hallways smell like humidity, moisture and mildew 2. the pools are gross, the Jacuzzi is disgusting. Staff was nice, view was good, breakfast was not continental but was good and not too expensive. The only thing is the electrical outlets should be updated as some of the plugs do not hold your plug it falls back out and one outlet you could pull out of the wall. So loud in the parking lot and street sounded like there were motorcycle races going on all night-not bike week so just rude people racing and raving engines all night, why the police and hotel staff accept the is beyond me, hotel staff said this is normal...if you need to sleep don't stay here The breakfast buffet is $8.50 per person and does not really offer buffet options. Hotel nice locate , but hotel need remodeling old furniture in room and rust on doors and in bathroom. I have been to the one in florida and THAT is a buffet. The sink didn't drain and the toilet didn't flush properly. The hallways smelled HORRIBLE and it was very warm, humid, and sticky feeling. Coffee in the morning is not available until 7 AM. Before I booked, I checked online to see if the rooms had safes, I did not see it on the website so I decided to call. The room itself was in ok condition except for minor repairs needed in the bathroom. We asked the staff at checkout about the noise and racing, the response was Its always like this So if you value your sleep don't stay here. Renovation ongoing, but room was clean, nice towels and bedding. The room was clean and comfortable enough especially for the rate. Only a short drive from the Atlantic Ocean, the Clarion Hotel offers quiet surroundings and easy access to all of Myrtle Beach’s attractions. greagreat place to stay price wa decent the restuarant prices were low the restauran staff was nice I see renovations going on in lobby, hopefully they well start removing and replacing carpet. We were also charged $4 more than what we were quoted at booking. Save yourself the trouble, drive the one mile down the road to Bob Evans and have yourself a much better breakfast than what this hotel offers. The hotel room carpet was dirty and wet, smelled like a gallon of orange glow was dumped to hide the musty smell. The girl checking us in could have cared less whether we were there or not. We probably would not stay here again unless there were no other choice. Whoever picked up the phone said they did have in room safes. If you travel for work it is a necessity to have Internet in your room. It is located in an out-of-the-way, isolated, dark zone that undermines feelings of safety, security. Guests can enjoy a complimentary breakfast, and 101 West Restaurant & Lounge features daily happy hour and serves drinks and dinner with a lovely view of the waterway. We called them and they said nothing they can do due to hardware problem. The room had an odor, dirty carpet, door was lefted open one day. The room smelled like someone dumped a gallon of orange glow in it to hide the musty smell-so strong it burned our throat. Okay, so let me start by saying- you get what you pay for. Upon entering the hotel it smelled and looked very clean. There was a smell in the room that didn't really ever go away. Carpet felt very sticky and left our sock felty black. The sink stopper was broken and the toilet fill float got stuck a few times not refilling the tank. The hotel was obviously undergoing some renovation of the restaurant and lobby. The river view which I paid extra was nice but the balcony is tiny. Was quiet,  had a mini fridge but would have been nice to have microwave. Not a good hotel to stay in if you are traveling for work. The hotel has a pool, which we didn't use,  but left water everywhere especially the elevator. After a long drive we wanted to have room service and were told to go to the restaurant as nobody answered the phone there! No internet in rooms; needed to go to common area. The three Executive Suites further boast upscale furnishings, a sleeper sofa, a microwave, a wet bar and a separate sitting area.
I was perfectly situated and in walking distance to Times Square, Rockfellow Center, and 5 Avenue. I realized you could get a mini fridge brought to the room near the beginning of this 8-day trip and this was a GODSEND especially during the bad weather. Room cleaned daily to high standard.24 hour room service if needed. We enjoyed sitting outside in the mornings with coffee and in the evenings to relax. Got free wifi to compensate though (but why would you charge $15 per day for wifi in a top hotel??). Perfect location near to grand central terminal, rocker Della and radio city music hall. It's rather plain with no free wifi or coffee bar in room, but Starbucks is across the street. We walked to Broadway, Times Square, and to Central Park. The day we arrived, we couldn't get an early check in, but were offered use of the steam room and showers in the spa to freshen up, which was fantastic even after a relatively short travel time. There were no coffee or tea making facilities in the room, which was disappointing, especially as room service was pretty expensive, I think 33usd for a continental breakfast for example, although I am sure it would have been lovely. Last thing--whatever the satellite TV service is at the hotel sucks; most channels didn't work most of the time due to weather, even light rain. We walked from the hotel to Times Square, Radio City Music Hall, and Broadway. We had a slight issue at breakfast but many thanks to dining manager Eddie whom went above & beyond in correcting it. We had a family emergency during our stay and had to leave early. The rooms were spacious, the bed was comfortable, the location was terrific, and we had a gorgeous view of the breathtaking St. Patrick's Cathedral. They found me within hours and brought it back to me. Checked in and  was given a key that did not work,  I had to come back down to get the key activated. Great hotel great staff great location close to shopping and time square We stayed here to be near a wedding venue and it is now our favorite NY hotel. In retrospect, I should have asked if they had different pillows. Getting checked luggage out of storage took way too much time and the process seemed disorganized. We had had drinks at the Palace when it was owned by the Helsley family. Elegant spacious room with great views but surprising gaps in amenities such as coffee maker. We were thrilled to have a view overlooking St Patrick’s Cathedral. My only complaint about the hotel is that the beds were not too comfortable and the pillows were not firm. They all wNted to help-with our luggage, hailing a taxi or just giving us direction around the city! This Midtown Manhattan hotel features 909 spacious rooms and suites – including 176 newly renovated exclusive Towers accommodations – which provide the perfect setting for relaxation and inspired stays in New York City. The hotel’s famed Villard Mansion built in 1882 is recognized as a New York City landmark and gracefully blends with a contemporary 55-story tower. Location great for business,spacious and well appointed rooms and attentive service. I left my credit card in the hotel at a table. This is absolutely my favorite place to stay in the city! The location of the Lotte couldn't have been any better. And thank goodness I picked it, since NY was hit with not one but TWO Nor'Easters during the week I was there. We got charged for items from the mini bar, as we moved them around to put something of our own in to cool down, but this charge was reversed. This hotel has the biggest rooms I have experienced in this price range. Biggest problem was no grab bars in bathroom, making it very difficult for aging knees to get in and out of otherwise excellent tub. Breakfasts in the dining room were delicious and the service was excellent. A couple of glitches...water shutoff for a bit on Sat & incorrect mini bar charges which had to be removed. The rooms are so spacious & well-appointed, & the location is extremely convenient, whether you are shopping, going to the theater, or wanting to eat at fabulous restaurants! 2. given a room facing a blank wall, wouldn't book there again if that was only room available Check-in was smooth, room was clean and large, staff was friendly and helpful. The New York Palace Hotel is a 7 block walk or cab from Grand Central Terminal. On the 37th floor, we had a beautiful view of both St. Paul's Cathedral and the Rockefeller Building. Getting Internet to work was a disaster-took 40 mins on phone with a tech to log in-and they rip you off $15 when you already paid top dollar for room.Surprisingly gym did not have sanitary wipes to clean off machines. Check-in and Check-out were both poor experiences with long lines and staff that gave incorrect information. Lotte New York Palace’s collection of versatile meeting and event spaces is ideal for weddings, corporate events and social occasions. Also, I was pleasantly surprised at how quiet this hotel was given how large it is and its location in the center of the city. I mean come ON, more than $50 for a small bowl of clear-broth chicken soup and a single glass of white wine??!? We were on the 17th floor, with no particular view, but the lift zoomed up there in no time. We had a room on the 34th floor with view over St Patricks cathedral. The hotel was very close to Radio City Music Hall where we attended an event. Our room was clean and comfortable and much needed after walking all day! I think the location and the managers and staff are the best features. Fairly recently refurbished and remains one of the highest quality and best located hotels in mid town manhattan. That being said, I would stay again b/c it was very nice and super convenient. Fantastic view from our room overlooking St. Patrick's Cathedral and Rockefeller building. Was disappointed that to get ice it required you to call room service. Also, only one pillow was left on each each bed (because that was the number of people on the reservation). A room with 2 queens would be nice but I was not able to find this at the price I was targeting. Otherwise loved the hotel and will definitely stay there again. The room was clean and spacious with a great view overlooking St Patrick’s Cathedral. Unique dining venues, such as Pomme Palais, offer everything from imaginative breakfast dishes to signature pastries and sandwiches. The Madison Avenue Courtyard provides a dramatic entryway to the hotel’s grand lobby. It was quiet, luxurious, modern and had an amazing view. Very helpful staff especially Rebecca Villasenor - Guest service agent. This was a quick site-seeing to celebrate our daughters 10th Birthday. The staff was attentive and helpful, certainly what we’d expect from a luxury hotel. Although we had prepaid, and we were beyond the required notification period to cancel, the management was accommodating and  allowed us a refund for the unused portion of out stay. There were other similar examples but you get the idea. This is the BEST hotel in nyc...it is in a great location and so BEAUTIFUL.. Lotte Palace was extremely accommodating and warm throughout our two night trip. We had two double beds which is normal for NYC hotels and the room was far more spacious than the other hotels we've stayed at in New York. In for VD weekend which was what we were looking for It was also and easy walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and Central Park. I had a corner room on the 37th floor with spectacular cityscape views from a  gorgeous, immaculate, spacious, opulent room. Amenities were in grand style and staff could not have been more helpful. I like to have little snacks and a light breakfast in my room and not have to pay the ridiculous room service prices for it. The hotel is picturesque complete with a grand staircase and St. Patrick's Cathedral, located across the street, is visible from its courtyard. Only negative comment would be around pricing of additional items - food, minibar, internet was outrageously high but probably consistent with many other hotels in this class. All staff very helpful - from Front Desk/ Reception to Concierge, Housekeeping and Doormen. If I could bottle the “service” and sell it, I’d be rich. Very close to Rockefeller Plaza and not too far of a walk to Central Park or Theaters depending on how much you like to walk. Every attention to detail was noticeable, and there was not even one hitch during our three-day stay. Close to shopping and sights with subway station at end of street. Without hesitation whatsoever, I will return to Lotte NY Palace time and again; the search for perfection is over. Took my daughter to NYC to celebrate her 13th birthday. I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our stay. Being a overnight stay, we did not have time to check out all of the lounges and  restaurants. Thank you so much from this Texan who was impressed by the New York state of mind. The staff was very friendly and offered great travel instructions for visiting the city. Thought it to be too expensive....but just as reasonable as others we have stayed at for business and pleasure. two problems, one I was billed for services I didn't use, this was corrected but check bill! The bed was comfortable and the room was very clean. We did have issues getting the maid service to stock the rooms appropriately for 4 people and had to call each night, which was frustrating. Of course they are not the only hotel that does this room service price-raping, but it's just horrid, in my view, particularly when there's not an in-hotel casual dining option. I had to call couple of times to resolve one issue. Very elegant hotel,  huge corner room with west facing view of St Patrick's cathedral. Dining in the historic mansion part of the hotel is a must -- but be prepared to laugh at the prices. The Lotte New York Palace – a legendary New York City luxury hotel – underwent a thorough transformation from a historic Madison Avenue gem to Midtown’s premier modern hotel. Revolutionary, innovative and inspiring – welcome to a brand new Lotte New York Palace. I wanted to order breakfast but decided against it after the entire experience and felt it wouldn't have been good. Thereafter it was bought by a Saudi group, and now is owed by Lotte. With a nod to its illustrious past, Lotte New York Palace has taken an ambitious leap into the future. As a native Nee Yorker , this was a wonderful experience. What really set this hotel apart is the customer service. I usually prefer more modern hotels to this one, but I picked the Lotte for this stay because it was likely to be cold and it's across the street from our NY office, and the price per night wasn't exorbitant (this time). In addition it was my daughter’s birthday and management said that they were going to send up a cake or cookies and no one did. Beds great, large rooms and staff so helpful they even supplied box and tape to mail home for my overflow luggage. The room was huge- much bigger than we are typically used to. The only negatives were the long line to check in on a busy holiday weekend, and one of the bellhops was rude. The staff proved courteous and friendly always, and the atmosphere had an absolutely positive buzz of energy throughout the day and evening. Lincy most generously checked us in early and upgraded our room and presented my son with a stunning box of chocolates from the hotel's on-site Pomme Palais. Travel Industry Manager, Stephanie and Daniel, Sales Coordinator, are why we keep  coming back. When I wanted to stay an extra night they raised the rate $200 so I went elsewhere. I give them a two because at 10:30 am the water shut off in the bathroom, earlier at 8.30 I could hear the  maid service thud and bump their carts down the hallway. Stayed here last June and that is why we went back! Extremely helpful concierge,  Pomme served a.m. coffee needs adequately,  front desk couldn't be nicer or more professional. There is a large lounge and a lovely bakery on site. The hotel staff was accommodating, professional and informative and our room was clean, comfortable and spacious and we had a view of the beautiful cathedral from our window. When I work late and want just a light bite it shouldn't cost $50-75--it's unconscionable. Was told wi-fi there would be no charge for wi-fi and was billed for it (charges were removed when I brought to their attention). Nothing was too much trouble for staff.Stunning forecourt and reception rooms. What put the stay at the Lotte was the staff. I was impressed by all of them and I wish I could remember all of their names but there were so many helpful people eager to help in any way. Courtyard was nice to have to sit and visit on the summer evenings. Their professionalism,  follow through, and hospitality is what make the extraordinary difference. Great things about the hotel: service from housekeeping and room service was fantastic the whole time, the size of the room was quite generous by NYC standards, and everything seemed to be in pretty good condition. In fact we got a large bedroom, with seating, and windows on 2 sides, and beautiful furnishings and mirrors and lamps. When we looked around some of the facilities (function rooms) in the old part of the hotel, they were truly luxurious. The location and the views from this hotel are outstanding. The only problem Was no television service but the hotel allowed us to view movies for the children at no charge. We got such a good price for our 5 night stay through Wotif that I joked to my friends that I thought we might be staying in the broom cupboard. The rest of the staff was great, though, esp the doormen! We truly appreciated their understanding and solidified our fantastic impression of this hotel. We arrived prior to stated check-in time and though there were no rooms in the class we reserved they offered other alternatives so we could check in immediately. Hotel needs to sort out plumbing and TV issues which should be easy to fix. Not the room we requested (Queen rather than 2 doubles), which would have been very inconvenient if we'd needed the other bed, but our party size changed so were OK! Very comfortable,  wonderfully located, would’ve loved to have the availability for lunch or dinner. The Lotte NY Palace far exceeded any expectations for my son's surprise 13th birthday weekend in NYC. With the price of your stay, it is disappointing that it seems they try to get every additional dollar out of you al la carte. The bathroom was large, clean and updated and the room had a large closet with plenty of hangers, extra pillows and blankets. My only niggle would be that a hospitality tray for tea / coffee would be good..First class all round. It was everything we could have asked for, the staff was very friendly and helpful. They gave my daughter a tiara and a stuffed bear. It was a lovely room with fantastic view over midtown (looking west). George, who was positioned outside, was funny and personable and so very quick to help with a taxi or whatever. It was a lovely place to stay at the end of our holiday, and a respite from the madness of New York within it's walls! Birthday celebration with my family  at NYC's Lotte hotel was exceptional. Overall though, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back! The hotel was our home base for our quick New York City adventure and is one block from Rockefeller Center, a 15 minute walk to Times Square (big city blocks) and the subway. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and helpful. High tech entry card is not swiped but waved near a entry pad. Love this hotel it's the 2nd time we've stayed here and will come back! Loved the hotel, room was really spacious and comfortable but was right next to the lift shaft which was quite noticeable at night. If I have any complaint, it would be that the pillows on the beds were very lacking. It was very family friendly, and the staff were very helpful. Sadly, more hallway noise than any from outside,  but that was just guest-factor.
We’re very pleased with the room Accessible to our families and very quiet l don’t know when fiesta Texas is open for the season any way it was very nice Breakfast was good, although it leaned more in the direction of carbs than my preference. Upon asking were I could get a good steak I was informed of many choice restaurants and directions to find them. Furthermore, the San Antonio Museum of Art is about a half hour away by car. What I didn’t like was the lack of details, in the pics they show a game room and golf. Had a great time and was nice to come back to a cleaned room and made beds. The hotel staff was friendly, the whole hotel and room smelled amazing. If you're following google maps to the hotel, be alert as you are approaching the exit or are on the 1604 access road:  the turn-in is not well marked, and comes up quickly. Although it was cold outside they were people at the pool and our window was right next to the pool. Would like for them to advertise that more clearly so people know before booking. Had to spray perfume on the pillow in order to try to make it through the night. The shower head was broken (coming out of the wall but working). Furthermore, guests can get advice from staff members about where else to enjoy meals. A 20-minute drive from SeaWorld, the property is just over nine miles from Ingram Park Mall. Booked this hotel while visiting for a baseball tournament in Boerne. There's a Walmart pretty close to the hotel, where I picked up a carton of Diet Coke with which to load the In-room fridge. A free hot breakfast comes with the cost of every room. We did call and stayed on hold for a wholeness with bank just to be told there’s was no hold and in fact the hotel had homemade through and money was taken out already. Also we only had 30 min to check in and freshen up before going to our games and not getting in till 11 that night. I just needed to stay for the night, so I wasn’t needing many amenities. We stayed at this hotel for a night and everything was great. When I arrived the staff was great and easy to check in. The only complaint I had room-wise was that the bathroom was a little snug, but that wasn't a huge deal. The real coffee available to make in my room was much better, so long as I used bottled water--the tap water tastes bad. The lady checking us in told me our card was declined and that I needed to call bank bc they probably put a hold on it since we traveled out of state. We had a great time on the property and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Biscuits, gravy, french toast, sausage, eggs, waffles, assorted muffins, scones, oatmeal, cereal, etc! This hotel is a smoke-free property with an outdoor pool. The rooms were very clean, the staff very helpful, security was decent, the beds themselves leave a lot to be desired. I don't like the taste of Pepsi products (apart from Aquafina water, which, as with all plain RO processed water, contains no minerals and thus tastes pretty flat when just drinking it, but is great for making coffee). Needless to say she checked their back system and sure enough the charge went through and it was a glitch on their end. Property is showing its age, but is pretty clean and comfortable. Overall it was a nice hotel but it could use a little work with being cleaned. Pool was a bit chilly for me but the kids loved it. It was excellent easy to check in, rooms where clean and smell fresh, excellent beds, the breakfast was more than we expected warm and keep area well clean... very satisfied recommended price was very affordable. My only real complaint was the coffee in the breakfast area:  it is semi-instant--dispensed from a machine that mixes coffee concentrate syrup with hot water. The staff was very friendly, however the room was outdated and very musty. Oh yeah, the mini golf is not free $10 per person. Room was nice in safe area i would stay here again No biggie mistakes happen but it did result in us not having any time before our game. All in all I felt safe it was clean and it was a family environment. Microwaves and refrigerators are provided, along with coffee makers and hair dryers. The guests above were so loud, but mainly because I could hear every single footstep. Staff was friendly and helpful and room was clean and comfortable. Stayed for 4 nights,everything was very nice,staff went out of their way to assist in whatever you asked. So then when my son wanted to play the game room the next day for only one hour before us checking out and I was told we had to pay I felt a little upset bc they could of at least gave him that considering the aggravation they caused while check n Be sure you have twice the room amount in your bank as they authorize the charges twice and it can take up to a week for the charge to drop off. Mind you I already paid for room before arriving so this was just for them to hold my card for a deposit in case any damages. The Quality Inn & Suites SeaWorld North (formerly Quality Inn & Suites Bandera Pointe) is a family-friendly hotel that offers budget rates and stupendous service. We had to switch rooms the night we got there because bugs but the other room the bathroom didn’t look like it was cleaned very well. While staying at the Quality Inn & Suites SeaWorld North, guests can watch cable programming on 27-inch TVs or connect to complimentary Wi-Fi. Our first room smelled but when we went right back to desk, they gave us a different room and it was just fine. They have a mini golf course, playground and game room... great for families!! However, we were kept waiting for 15 minutes while trying to check out because no one was at the front desk. It tastes like vending machine coffee (which, in effect, it is). The hotel also welcomes pets and has a fitness center, plus guest laundry facilities. When I told the lady we were in a rush she told me we could use the bathroom if we needed to freshen up. That reminds me of another personal preference complaint:  I got the bottled water from the soft drink vending machine, and, while that water was okay for making coffee, all of the soft drinks were Pepsi products. The facilities was good and all look very clean, except room 111, it smell like dirty feet. The one weekday I was there, the ubiquitous scrambled eggs were the only protein (albeit with shredded cheese and chunky salsa available). I don't know if it could have been fixed but the free WiFi was the only part that fell short. They also have a game room and mini golf for an additional charge. After I fell asleep I was then woken up at 1am when the guests above my room arrived. And if they happened to drop something, it would vibrate my room. I do believe the people  above us had lead in their feet. The room had an odor I can only describe as musty. Room was clean, paint was fresh but furniture a bit dated. It was an awesome staycation, great location, wonderful service and awesome staff Room was very clean, and bed was nice an comfy. _ I like that the location was not on the highway, it was just off of it. The air conditioner was very loud and make it difficult to sleep, but the room was too sticky without it on.
This hotel offers guests many amenities to make their stay enjoyable. Whether there for a business event or relaxation, The Comfort Suites West Dallas, offers something for everyone. Bed could have been a little softer but other than that the room was great. Again not sure if there were pet's previously or if there was lint, dust or some other allergen but it was bad. This hotel is super nice, located in a great place. We had a terrible experience the previous night at another hotel. This hotel is ideally located near the Dallas Convention Center and the Dallas World Aquarium. Room was very big, when we enter the AC was on to 65° with an outside temperature of 40°! Close to fast food spots, minutes away from down town Dallas, close to stores and Right by the interstate and my rate was great. However, the breakfast was limited, and the mattress was not too comfortable. I will be coming back and looking for Comfort Suites for any other trips I take in the future, thanks Ivana A fitness center, outdoor pool, and business center are among the many amenities. I was scheduled to spend my last night at another hotel elsewhere but after staying 3 nights i enjoyed it so much that i canceled my other hotel to stay there. The Comfort Suites West Dallas-Cockrell Hill is located near the Dallas Zoo. I have no problem with that if you would put it on the internet. Hotel condition is just good, location somewhat let you think about safety and not a big enough parking,very clean room it just have so many cosmetic details, beds are comfortable and the extra sofa bed a plus, breakfast very simple, the area around is good since there are a lot of restaurants in the area and stores also you have choices in case you need something, and what I am saying about the hotel location been behind a gas station whit a lot of cars in and out and peddlers around that is my concern about safety for you and your car, over all I give a 7 to this stay and the good thing for me is it was just for one night. Not sure what the issue was but within 10 mins of being in the room my husband and I had an allergy attack. Many restaurants are located close by the dining pleasure of guests. Although checkout at 11am is a little early for me. We managed to turn in the heater but the next day we could not do it. Visitors will enjoy the many things to do in Dallas, whether it is discovering new and exciting animals in the Dallas Zoo or enjoying a variety of ethnic cuisine in the city. We stayed 2 nights but they do not clean our room. Went to get in tub to find it closed asked front desk they said its seasonal. wow I really liked the breakfast I don't know what I was expecting but wow it was really good If you're not there by 5pm you're not going to find a spot. Room #322 window left open and ants were crawling in. That night the a/c activated by itself and was very noisy. Not everyone likes cheese on their eggs no gravy for the biscuits no sausage or bacon. We only booked this hotel because it had a hot. I was so surprised at the condition of this hotel. I needed a nice place to stay close to Methodist Dallas Medical Center for at least two weeks. The hotel was ok overall, convenient location 6 min away from downtown Dallas. The room I reserved is not the room I got. The hotel runs right up against the highway and you could hear traffic all night. The staff was nice, but it was midnight when we arrived and I just wanted sleep after my 9hr drive. Was good and arranged and staff are nice and cooperative. Good television channel choice selection & variety of electronics hookups. It was excellent the people were friendly and nice the room was spacious and clean. My room was 1.5 hours late and I missed first half of the celebration that I was attending. Overall, given the price, I am satisfied with the hotel. Wal-Mart across the street and lots of places to eat! Not after I book a room that I can't get my money back. Guests will enjoy the many amenities that this hotel has to offer. Elevator and balls were immaculate and felt like a brand new hotel. I prefer to stay here on every trip to Dallas. Would definitely stop there again if we passed on the way. Very quiet, air conditioner worked amazing and a quick check out by a nice front desk agent. Nice and quiet not a lot of kid traffic like some hotels Wonderful hotel, great staff, rooms were clean, BIG, comfortable beds, and clean. Slept very comfortable & the Kiddos enjoyed the place very much Little hwy noise but I was comfortable & could sleep. Each of the spacious suites accommodate free Wi-Fi, a television, comfortable beds, a refrigerator, and a microwave. Was greated by front desk guy as soon as I walked in.
The hotel feels a bit like home which is nice when you are traveling for business. I have stayed at the Zetter Townhouse as a business traveller and while on holiday with my husband. The London Stock Exchange and St. Paul’s Cathedral are less than a mile away. The Zetter Townhouse Clerkenwell is within one-half mile of Smithfield Market, the Museum of London, Old Bailey, and Sadler’s Wells Theatre. Rooms are quirkily decorated, as if you are staying in the home of an eccentric relative, but are comfortable and warm. Despite the small issue with the bath, it was still a great experience and would recommend The Zetter Townhouse to anyone. Reserve a table on the weekends if you want to spend time in the bar as it does get busy. The Zetter TH is cosy, warm and welcoming, full of character, more like staying in a fabulous country house hotel than in central London. Staff are friendly and efficient, keen to help out when you have questions and the cocktails were great! The townhouse contains a Games Room and a Dining Room for cocktail parties, private dinners, and other social gatherings. Set in a Georgian home in St. John’s Square, The Zetter Townhouse Clerkenwell offers boutique accommodations with a quirky British vibe. Guests are steps from the Mediaeval landmarks and modern attractions of Clerkenwell. Close to the City it is ideally placed for a work trip. We use the Zetter regularly to accommodate both our European and USA colleagues and overall it is very convenient and gives a high standard of service in all areas. Individually-decorated rooms feature a blend of bright contemporary décor and homely antique furnishings along with free Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms with rain showers. A complimentary breakfast is served daily and room service is available 24 hours a day. Quite suitable and efficient, only had a brief overnight stay everything was quite suitable that is all I have to say The standard rooms are on the small side but this is a city hotel so not unusually so. Very hospitable and the room was wonderful, the place has charm, personality and wonderful service ... am definitely staying again. Visitors can enjoy drinks and meals in the Cocktail Lounge featuring warm styling details like a fireplace, classical art, and velvet furniture.
They had painters outside on the balcony so we couldn’t even see the ocean or open our curtains. My family and I did not have a good experience. Right after Hurricane Matthew passed over Derrick contacted me to let me know everything was fine and we could still come as planned. We enjoyed the room but, the rest of the hotel was trashy and dirty. The room was very clean when we entered and nothing was out of place. Office to check-in was hard to find as they had several signs all telling u to go somewhere different. Every time I reached out to him he would quickly respond. Sheets didn't fit on bed, but bed was super comfortable, 3/4 size fridge, actual stove. Stayed here for my anniversary....it was the perfect set up! Do not stay at sea mist hotelever  I will not ever go back to myrtle beach again  pub Daytona beach and thybee are much much better. Overall, I highly recommend this condo to anyone looking to “get away from it all” for a little while. Again, not on the room owner, and doesn’t effect my opinion of the condo, just try to be “parking-smart” when you plan your day. The Sea Must is a great family hotel close by the beach. The staff was professional and nice and went above and beyond for us. Other than that you had a great view of the ocean and the hot tub was great. We get there and the room is not what was promised had to go to 3 different buildings but the front desk people did help out and gave us ocean front like we ordered room looked clean but stove had rust all over it and so did other appliances pillow cases not changed I could tell people were loud all night and no one come to tell them please be quieter didn’t get any sleep I had paid to much for a terrible stay I will choose somewhere else next time were nice, as well as watching the brave ones enjoy the lazy river and pools:) The bed was comfortable, decent sized tv, came with a mini kitchen. The room was pretty cool but the mattress sucks, and there is no kitchen. We arrived on Friday evening and left on Sunday afternoon. Was a balcony, but even my strong husband had great difficulty getting the slider to open, door lock was broken off slider, had to lean out of railing to get view, marks all over the walls, furniture chipped and damaged, TV older than dirt! We really enjoyed it every night along with the views. First room also had the previous guests' sandal under the dresser, and their hair in the shower. The property had great views and everything that is needed for a great beach vacation stay. We got this deal because it seemed decent and wanted to give a chance to a different hotel/resort from other we have stayed. Very loud, no cold water, fridge was not cold, and asked for a trash can for 4 days before they brought one to the room.will not be staying here again. The 2nd room was better but still a lot of hair on the floors. You can drive or walk everywhere because everything was just that close. I killed two bugs that looked like cockroaches -  could have been beach bugs. If you’re in the area, I highly recommend biking Huntington Beach State Park (you can rent bikes at a great bike shop near the park: Cyclopedia), renting some jet skis and maybe going on a dolphin tour, getting a helicopter ride, swinging by Ripley’s Aquarium (if that’s your sort of thing) and walking the beach down to the pier after dark. The bed was very comfortable and even had mirrors above us ( never saw that) We will be sure to look you up next time we come down to the area I pulled all the sheets and blankets off the bed felt very uncomfortable. Yes, we read all the previous reviews but again we wanted to go with a 50/50, and since the summer season had ended we thought this would be a good way to try something new. It's nice that it a 2 minute walking distance from the beach. That small act speaks volumes.The views from the room were breathtaking. You’re better off staying down the street at the landmark. Overall the property is run down and needs an update. There was a problem with the cleaning when we got there but i sent an email and the cleaners came and took care of it. I booked for two nights and was very happy with the booking. I order 5 rooms and my last room wasn't giving to me until past 4:30pm All and all a great week and as with all hotels there can be problems but you decide on how you let them effect your time. A great place to stay....it's near all the attractions but the parking lot could be fixed. View of the ocean was great, but balcony needs painting and chairs neededa good cleaning. We would've had the lock box code if they had just answered any of our 6 phone calls and messages we sent throughout the day saying we wouldn't be there on time. The word is “mini,” and it should be present before the words “Oven” and “Refrigerator.” These are not full size appliances. The location is perfect and so close to the beach, the view is amazing. We do always enjoy ourselves here, but then I think that is because your trip is what you make of it. There were quite a few swimming pools and they were very nice and clean. I went back to their website, and those pics are probably 20+ years old. He is the most helpful of all the employees we have encountered here! it felt like we were in the middle of the ocean. We enjoyed waking up to the sunrise everyday in bed and having our morning coffee. There was a used, dirty towel under the bathroom sink with hair extensions and dye all over the towel. When in shower felt like floor under tub was going to give out, was like standing on a trampoline. They can also quench their thirst at either the cocktail bar or at the beach bar. Derrick was helpful and quick to respond to any questions we had. We stayed an extra night and had a great time. My friends and I had 2 rooms, one had new, nice comfy beds and the other had old worn out beds. The sheets felt as though they had not been washed, there was visible filth. TV had so much snow in pic couldn't watch TV (and it was a flat screen & I did check the cords were secure to cable outlet). This hotel was no doubt the nasty of all hotels I have ever stayed room was disgusting black mold , room smell like urine roaches in the room sheets appear not be clean and trim was comming away from walls and shower curtain nasty I also ask other guests bout there rooms and they too was having same problems The pools were all spread out and the water park was nasty. Very loud music and yelling going on one night so tried to call the front desk but of course no one there. I had read all the reviews for this resort and quite frankly hesitant about booking. We went out to eat, and when we came back, we saw these huge palmetto bugs on the grounds of the hotel. If you want to sleep in, the blackout curtains work really well also. Hotel at the Sea Mist was worse than a motel. I Booked this hotel because I wanted a room on the beach. If you don't get a spot in the very small parking garage, you have to park close to three blocks from the hotel. Though I was able to get in due to booking with Travelocity, other guests didn't have the same luck. Very sketchy people around the hotel and they had the ability to walk into the hotel on the beach front since there isn't any staff at that location. All the front parking was handicap so you couldn’t park anywhere to load or unload your car. We were told there was no refund, but that did not matter. They even have a free movie theater, gift shop and arcade on-site. We called Orbitz, who was wonderful in getting us moved to a better resort. The pictures are pretty deceiving of how small the room is as well. Great place to stay for a couple on a romantic getaway. Looked like some one had vomited in our bathroom and the cleaners just wiped it off the floor. - Last, but not least: If you are using the mobile app to view this property, there is a very important word that HomeAway/VRBO for some reason cuts out of the description. I messaged him a few times over the trip at varying times during the day, and he averaged a 15 minute response time. Only thing about the hot tub was that people were letting their little children swim in it and getting in with sand on them. I was not given a receipt because we booked through Expedia. The elevators took forever and there was never any parking available. Afterward, I saw a lot of really negative reviews and got nervous, but everything was perfectly fine! The keys didn't work properly had to have them changed 3 times. I noticed that when I put the toilet seat down, there was a hair on it, so the toilet had not been cleaned. I have never stayed in a hotel that had so much hair leftover from prior guests. I got to enjoy a midnight walk with my husband :) We went to our room, and found one on the wall. The photos make it look so much nicer than it is. There isn't enough parking right by the hotel but there was plenty across the street. I HAVE TRAVELED ALOT DUE TO WORK BUT NEVER HAVE I SEEN SUCH VIEWS FROM A RENTAL. We booked this hotel as we celebrated our wedding anniversary. The door was locked but a guy inside came out and gave us our keys. The material is coming off the wall in spots so it looks as if the walls have little holds in it. I have booked through Expedia many times snd was never denied a receipt. THE BALONY WAS EVEN TILED WHICH WAS A BIG PLUS. I'd live to do a review on my macaronikid website. In the room to plug your phone in near the bed we had to unplug the clock. The common areas are beyond belief filthy, and if we were not evacuating from the hurricane Irma, we would have walked right out. The room was nicely decorated and had nice tile floors. As far as the condition of the resort and room, not so much. First the property definitely in really bad shape, sorry but it needs a lot of work. I was afraid to take my shoes off in fear of catching something. from there wheelchair would not fit into elevator, had to actually lift wheelchair into room . You had to stand way in the corner and look out the sliding door sideways to see even a glance of the ocean. The next room was bug free but was nasty.The bed skirt was nasty looked un washed.Walls had stains .The doors had huge cracks to see outside.The ocean view was no view just hotel next door.I wouldnt give them a star.I had to stay they had my money ..I wouldnt advise any one to stay there.House keeping and staff do horrible job... Room was old , smelly, mold in the bathroom and the phone was dirty. The hotel has several buildings and the building that we stayed in had a front desk with no staff at the desk the entire time we stated there...the entrance to our building had automatic doors that opened and closed all day and night; therefore, anyone could walk in and out of the hotel at any time (weak security)...we decided to use the stairway to go down to the ground level and smelled and saw feces and trash riddled everwhere (disgusting). The hotel needs alot of updates, very old but great location We were on a family vacation and needed a place to for just the night. The pool key worked one day and the next day it would not let me into the pool building. When we checked in the hotel put us in a Basement room. I booked an all inclusive and the room we got was in one of the nasty buildings. Overall, yes there are nicer hotels in Myrtle, but you will pay a lot more to stay there. - Finding a parking spot after dark can be a tad difficult, depending on beach traffic that day. Our room was clean, elevator was clean, and the watermark was nice. I asked for an upgrade to the other nice building and pay the difference but was refused because I had booked an all inclusive. In addition to the bug, the floor was dirty, and when we checked one of the beds, we realized that we did not trust them to be clean either. Derrick answered all of our questions and the views from the room was to die for. We struggled to find a park on the street and when we could not we had to park across the street in the parking deck. It is very confusing as far as check in goes. They couldn't change our room until day 2, and even on that day it took hours of waiting to get checked into another room. I understand that this resort has other buildings and I requested to be moved to a newer, cleaner one. You normally do not see those because most hotels spray for them. All the 800 rooms feature cable TV service, microwaves, air conditioners, free toiletries, phones, fridges, in-room safes, and private bathrooms with shower/tub combinations. Everything was as described and will be our every year thing. Loved it very romantic and quite ..building could use some renovation but the room it self was amazing Selected this hotel because it accepted two dogs and it was on the beach. $3 a day for the watermark isn't terrible and you can come and go as you please. There's a number to call on the wall for any issues, but of course it was out of order. Once in the room laminated floors which were damage, smell very bad, rusted ceiling lights, kitchen dirt, and when we open the oven few roaches came out to greet us!. Cancelled the remainder of my stay with Sea Mist and rebooked with another resort. The door lock to the balcony didn't work it wiggled when opening and closing. The condition of the hotel was horrific, customer service was just as bad, but to be fair they were dealing with so many room and property complaints they may have just become numb to them all since there was nothing they could do. The hotel was decent for our 3 day stay, it was unfortunate that it rained most of the time. The elevator was immediately in front of the room so not a lot of carrying. There was a bandage in the indoor pool area that was there on the floor when we arrived, and was there when we left. We booked the unit due to the views and the jacuzzi. We had plenty of towels and the bathroom was nice and clean. The pool was cold when we first came but after talking to Jason he had someone turn up the temperature and it made our stay so much more enjoyable Jason also helped us when we first checked in and had problems with the TV. He knew that he could move us to another floor that was not having the problem. Asked for different room, CHRIS was wonderful in Customer service, he put us in a ground floor walk out to beach room. We filed a police report and a statement for the seamist resort but unfortunately they don't have any cameras in the parking deck and can't do anything. The balcony was rusty and groaned when I stepped on it. Also, the smell of marijuana was every where no one seems to care. We drove around the block several times before seeing another couple and they told where the office was. Both of the rooms had refrigerators, and one had a stove if you wanted to cook but we preferred to eat out since our stay was a short one. Got a total refund and went to stay at the Hilton. The beach was great: good sand, nice gradual slope into the ocean, and not too busy for the time of year we were there. Food near by is very good also, I'd recommend Loco Geko for sure! Typical front door but hubby had to man-handle-it to get it open and close. I think it’s incredibly important for a renter to feel in touch with, and important to, the owner. I will honestly say that the wood floor was a plus and the mattress was comfortable. Long story short, all of our items in our 2017 Camaro were stolen (even the parking pass). (And even if they were, we just went up to our room and took advantage of the Whirlpool hot tub there.) The bathroom faucet is loose and the room had not been swept. I don't think I'll rely on Expedia ratings again in the future. Because of the great customer service and great room we will be planing a return trip  Thanks so much Derrick for you professionalism during and after our stay. The rooms were great for doggies since they had no carpet. Just me and my husband a week away from the kiddos and out first time to Myrtle Beach. We would never stay at this hotel again and we lI've going to Myrtle Beach. A few things to keep in mind for your stay:   - The internet is okay, but not awesome. Just a little heads up, and more for warning not that it was a bad thing, very small frig, Microwave and toaster oven, so you likely need to plan on eating out. We arrived at 10 at night we had to go to three different places before we were able to enter the room. There is a nice building with nice clean rooms but that's not for clients who buy all inclusive. I would definitely not be bringing my children to stay at this place. The hotel has many different buildings to stay and lots of pool, including an indoor one/ hot tub. Moldy shower stall and curtains, paint falling off walls, hardest mattress I have ever slept on and my feet hung over the edge of the bed. We go to the beach every year and this has got to be the worst year yet. over $2,000 worth of valuables were taken from the trunk and the back seat (we had just left Tanger outlet mall). The room helped us relax and eased some of the tension....I want to say we will return but Myrtle Beach has definitely been scratched off of our list for vacation getaways anytime soon. I checked in and receptionist gave me wrong room so I had to go back to receptionist and say there's no room number that starts with 65503 it was 62503 the third time it worked the room was dirty sheets and never cleaned room. The employees of the resort could not answer any of your questions in order to help you. We stayed for a week mid-april, and had the time of our lives. The complex is so big and there was no sign that told you exactly where the office is. I would never recommend this hotel unless someone isn't concerned about sanitation and decent treatment by the workers. I would suggest personally requesting updated photos of the building/ room you'll be staying in if you do decide to take a chance on this place. Only had 2 small pillows on the king size bed tho and the extras in the closet were gross looking with no pillow cases. It was not an oceanview suite, and staff was literally non-existent the entire once registration was complete. I would also like to note that the staff did as much as they could, but the building was so bad I would rate it unsafe! It was too cold forthe the water park to be open but we plan to go back when its warmer because it looked so fun. I wish the staff cared a bit more, but it seems each time we go they care less and less. We even had an aboundance of towels which was more than enough for our stay. It’s part of the Sea Mist resort, which also offers a huge selection of indoor and outdoor pools as well as several jacuzzi. We didn't have to worry about other people having access to our room. It felt like springs going into my side all night pillows were completely flat. The hotel manager seemed nonplussed when several guests were complaining. This resort sits on 15 acres and features a rooftop terrace, a penthouse, 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi, gym, seven outdoor pools, four Jacuzzis, a picnic area, and conference space. My wife and I had planned a few night getaway from the cold weather of Maine and booked this unit. It was a great place to stay I will be booking here every time I come to sc for now on my whole family loved although I wish coffee came with hotel at least they still had a store close by for convenience The first room they put us in wasn’t even the room I booked. Had to get pass code then key card for lobby doors then park 4 blocks away other than that we had a great time There was no coffee in the room and i know thats silly but why have a coffee maker and no coffee. The room was very spacious and the jacuzzi was the best feature and the thing that made up book. With all the chaos he found time to let me know all was good. Only good this was it was walking distance from the beach. Our room was a double Queen suite with kitchenette, bathroom, living room,  double Murphy bed, and balcony! The room was very nice and clean, Staff was nice overall we had a great experience! My only complaint is that the bathroom curtain needs to be replaced because of the scum build up. My husband and I had to go look for better accommodation elsewhere. The elevators smelled like smoke and weed everytime we rode them. So, when all spots were taken, I had to park across the street in the parking deck garage which is a hassle when you have two toddlers. Centrally located in Myrtle Beach, Sea Mist Oceanfront Resort Myrtle Beach is a resort offering children activity areas, water park, sauna, and is close to Family Kingdom Amusement Park. My husband booked this for me for our anniversary instead of going to Florida. I had To go back down to the Elliot Realty place to get a new pool key. Interesting places to visit in Myrtle Beach include Hudson’s Surfside Flea Market (450 metres), Cancun Lagoon Miniature Golf   (1.1 km), Bald Head Island (1.4 km), Whispering Pines Golf Course (1.1 km), and many more. Guests can take advantage of any of the five on-site restaurants serving different mouth watering dishes. We really enjoyed ourselves and loved the upgrades from renting from a private owner. The weather was rather cool for April so we stayed in and relaxed quite a bit. The bathroom door did not shut and the balcony door would not open without extreme force. I didn't even get the hotel I paid for I paid to stay in the sea mist they put!!!!! The only downside was that we could not stay longer. One plus in the room was the room has a keypad entry. The resort is within walking distance to resturaunts, mini golf and piers. My husband does carpenter work and he said he has never seen tile that style and loved it.. We will return I didn't get to check in until 6:30 pm, which was disappointing. And don't get me started on trying to check in. ME AND MY WIFE WERE CELEBRATING 20 YEARS OF MARRIAGE AND THIS PLACE HIT THE SPOT. The tile and wood floor got wet as night fell from the moisture problem. We had a nice time in myrtle beach at least. I booked two nights at Sea Mist because it was affordable and right on the ocean. At one point his wife even drove down to give us something that would make our stay a little nicer. Us in a dog gone sand castle and they would not change it no matter what i tried to tell them or explain to them Arrived 8/17/17 late in the evening to find a dilapidated building (Dunes) that was surrounded by litter. The TV is very old, the tv screen had beads so the tv picture was not clear. However, the view was nice and the bathroom was clean. This is not the condo owner’s fault at all, it’s totally on the resort, just don’t expect to stream movies in HD. It is an older hotel but kept clean and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The hotel staff was rude the room was not clean the hotel itself was not clean the amenities work clean. The room was great, offering an awesome view of the ocean, lovely decor and a cozy, yet somehow spacious, feel. Upon arriving, I noticed a layer of sand in and on my bed, even before sitting down. Also, you have access to all the pools in the Sea Mist resort system, I did not figure that out until the last day. The appliances are rusting from the moisture and very old. The front desk is clean and quiet so we thought the rest of the hotel would be the same. Then had to wait an hour for someone to come fix it. Also owner Derrick was great to deal with, very responsive to messages and sent us everything we needed to know for our stay. Hiked up to the 5th floor to find my room's floor was dirty and sand covered, a pillow on our bed was so nasty that I requested that it be thrown in the trash, the appliances were dirty and rusty and must be 30 years old! I will be staying at the Sea Mist again and will recommend this hotel to everyone! I hate to complain but this was my worse experience ever. The elevator  took forever to go up and down. We let sea mist know about this and said they would come fix it and they never did. I assume this is because they don't have the staff to make sure things are taken care of, and that is probably why the price is so low also. After the second day they moved us to a better building but honestly it wasn’t great either. We got to the place to get the keys and it was just closing. I booked an ocean view and got water park view. You can sit at the table and chairs and see the sun come up which was a huge plus. The hotel lacks ventilation, causing build up of mold and mildew. This happened on the first night of our stay and we decided to stay and make the best of it. there were holes in the wall amd the ceiling was caving in. Will never stay here and you shouldn't waste your money either. The hot tub drips all the time but, someone did come by to try and get it fixed for us. If you really have the urge to home cook something I also had to change rooms at 1am because the refrigerator was old and the gas exploted and gas was coming out the fridge and had to move my things at 1am to another room in another floor. Pleasant stay nice view from oceanfront,neighbors next to us had baby crying all night and morning not sound proof walls beside that a nice stay Durning our stay we did a lot of shopping, walking the beach and sightseeing, so to come back to the room and relax in the jacuzzi was awesome!! The staff followed by clean, fast check in and was friendly! The view from the rooms was wonderful and we could watch the waves even if it was too cold to sit on the beach. AS SOON AS WE OPENED UP THE DOOR WE WERE BLOWN AWAY BY THE SPECTACULAR VEWS COMING FROM THE ROOM. There was a few maintenence problems, like the jacuzzi never stops leaking and the light in the bathroom was more like a strobe light because It never stopped flickering. Balcony had cigarette burnt plastic furniture and dirty old turf carpeting, not to mention that the railing was wobbly and rusty! There were even stuffed animals made out of towels literally everywhere which was a surprise when opening the door. They were not helpful at all in solving your problems. THANKS DERRICK WE WILL TRY TO MAKE THIS A REGULAR VISIT But only two elevators and one was out of service and waited 10 minutes sometimes to get on the elevator. The only other outlet not behind furniture was near the coffee maker. Need to upgrade television balcony furniture and spray for bugs When we came into the room the towels were in shapes of love birds which was a nice touch.Derrick was amazing to work with. Need better wifi and do something about the floors staying soak and wet Thank you Derrick for providing such a beautiful place in the mist of all the ugliness. This meant that we could almost always find a pool that wasn’t packed with people. We got married in Feb and we decided to book a few days here for our honeymoon and I am so glad we did. The indoor pool was nice along with the hot tub. The kitchen sink was rusty and the comforters were very dirty too. There’s a Blu-ray player in the room and a Redbox 2 minutes away at the food lion (the one you can see from your room), so not really an issue. There eas a bad smell of garbage in the hallways. Instead of staying in our normal hotel, we decided to stay in a cheaper place to save money since it was only one night. It was noisy in our building, the hallways and when we walked out and about around our building. The stay was fine and the staff was good I like that they had a water park and you could go to any of the sister hotels to swim ,eat ,or even just to have a look but we had one issue the supposed ocean view wasn't ocean view unless you leaned over the balcony to see it we asked for ocean view and from the balcony we saw the hotel next door also we asked for high floor and got 2 floor we also paid extra for supposed view The first room we got the sheets were dirty as well as the room.
The Burns Fair & More Hotel in Cologne Trade Fair Centre is a hotspot in Cologne and certainly more than just a hotel. Our toilet was blocked on the first day, which we reported and we assume it was resolved whilst we were out as it was fine the next day. However, for me, the bed was way too hard and felt like I was sleeping on concrete - which has left me with a bad, painful back. When coupled with the outstanding service provided by our team, your stay will become a holiday for all the senses. All wass good except for some kids who were making loud noises until one am. Enjoyed the little welcoming gift on my pillow and had a good couple of nights sleep there. Great hotel that’s just a bit outside of the centre. Staff printed our return boarding passes for us which was most helpful. Hotel was just ok, but with all the other problems, it’s not worth it. The prominent location close to Cologne’s trade fair centre and the Lanxess Arena means it makes the ideal base for all activities in and around Cologne. Short walk to tram stop (about 5 minutes) and in a quiet location. Bathroom was very nice and wonderful shower that was always hot. No tea/coffee making facilities in rooms however free coffee is available in the reception in the morning. Also, the hotel is far out the centre and you need to get the tram to be able to get anywhere. There was no “ do not disturb” sign to hang on door. Nothing in immediate vicinity of the hotel - very residential. Much easier to get to centre of Cologne than anticipated. The Burns Fair & More is your (temporary) home away from home! Made another minor complaint which was not fully dealt with as I was told the manager was not there to authorise anything, so I am yet to email them. The hotel was great, clean and cosy and the staff were very friendly. Staff kept opening the door, even when I was in the room. With 93 rooms in a number of different categories, the Burns Fair & More has something to suit every taste. In a residential area however was close to a tram stop. It was also close to a Lidl so easy to buy supplies if necessary. With quick and convenient access to the trade fair centre, the Burns Fair & More is just the place to stay.
We put the ‘do not disturb’ sign on our door both days and both times someone went into our room and cleaned it, which I thought was strange. The hotel bar offers a wide range of drinks from beers to cocktails all served in relaxing surroundings. There are no slippers/robe or any coffee/tea in room or via room service. Quiet location, not a lot of tourists around which was kinda nice. Madrid Atocha Railway Station is a twelve-minute drive while Fundacion Lazaro Galdiano is a seven-minute walk. Definitely this was a 2 star Hostel not a 4 star Hotel. The Hollywood-themed rooms at this hotel feature amenities such as a private bathroom, flat-screen TV, hair dryer, in-room laptop safe, minibar, and desk. Overall, hotel is very good, staff is not overly friendly but professional and efficient. The theme of Hotel is really nice and unique, its really clean and tidy. There was 1 little bottle of shampoo, 1 little bottle of liquid soap and 1 soap. The breakfast that was included is no more than standard and the staff is more occupied talking to each other than attending the clients. They paintings/ artsy look and character of hotel very nice. The hotel restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and specialises in Mediterranean cuisine. This modern hotel features rooms that have been individually decorated by artists and offers free Wi-Fi access throughout. The room also didn’t seem like it had air conditioning? An advice for Expedia managers: Please confirm with someone of your trust the category of the Hotels. This is more a trick than a concept because is strictly decorative and no more. The entrance has three high steps and there’s nobody there to help you to lift the baggage. Dormirdcine is just a ten-minute taxi ride from Santiago Bernabéu Stadium with El Retiro Park just twelve minutes away. Amenities at this central hotel include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, laundry facilities, multilingual staff, tours/ticket assistance, and a meeting room. It got pretty hot in there when the sun was shining through and the thermostat only had one option on it: heat. Its location seems a bit off the beaten track if you're looking to visit the main tourist attractions. The hotel is charming, but unfortunately a lot of rooms have no view and facing a wall! Towels were very worn out, the bed linens smelled very bad, the reception never answered, there is no iron in the room. If it rains, it smells, because of pipes issue or any other issue, smellin my room, made me to change my room a few times. The rooms were clean,modern and comfortable and although its quite a distance from Madrid centre we enjoyed the walk. This hotel is overpriced for the services and standard that I experienced. Restaurant was closed due to Easter holiday, which was not a problem for me as there was other restaurants in the area. The hotel cleanliness is low, the bathroom did not have the layout of typical hotel. Dormirdcine is a unique four-star hotel in the heart of Madrid. The hotel decor is fun, rooms are very clean, restaurant a little pricey. Adequate sized room with a very comfortable bed and soft pillows. The room was to small, the bed is small also.
