Complimentary breakfast and grocery service
Charming, homely feel in the city centre
In listed building in the City
One block away from Boston's famous subway
Stylish modern hotel near Notre Dame
Stylish architecture with updated interior
Little paved terrace ideal for sun bathing
Packages to suit all budgets and needs
Picnic area and two all-season pools on-site
Breathtaking tropical oasis with beautiful views
Features jet skiing, parasailing, and more
Spa area with sauna and therapeutic salt cave
Very well equipped and spacious suites
All rooms with tea/coffee maker
Enjoy early check-in and late check-out
Free Express Start breakfast buffet
Rooftop terrace with fantastic views
Exquisite refinement in the heart of Vienna
French-inspired with lavish in-room breakfast
Free parking and outdoor pool with hot tub
Extra large beds and coffee/tea facilities
Free grocery service, light dinner and drinks
Restaurant serving American style steaks
Modern refinement in the heart of Florence
Tastefully decorated rooms in modern hotel
Restaurant discounts and free Wi-Fi
Funky, modern décor in the heart of Valencia
Hotel offers havens of productivity and rest 
Delightful stay near Frenchmen Jazz Clubs
Saltwater indoor pool plus events space
Two pools and two hot tubs plus tennis
Refurbished rooms with modern conveniences
Upgraded rooms feature additional living area
Included kitchen unit with appliances
Casual and charming spot
Restful and calm near the airport
A Californian dream with bright tropical colors
Modern and sophisticated en-suite rooms
Business savvy social spot
Superb modern design with bar & city views
Featuring beautiful original wood and stone
Perfectly located for Picasso Museum visitors
A mile from Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe
Popular pizzeria with outdoor terrace
Situated in the vibrant Latin Quarter
Business and fitness centres; plus reception 
Spacious rooms with lots of natural light
Near the Vltava, with lovely design elements
Great business amenities near I-285
Extensive family-friendly facilities
Heated pool, gym, restaurant near the beach 
Luxurious fitness facilities and a spa tub 
Nice essence and personality
Uptown with pool, restaurant and free shuttle
Daily breakfast and a 24-hour front desk
Chic hotel exemplifying contemporary Berlin
Wonderful and modern
Features a tropical décor Paradise Resort Bar
Communal computer available in the lobby
Contemporary rooms plus outdoor pool
Parking available for cars and coaches
Excellent facilities, including tennis courts
In the best business and entertainment area
Chic modernism with flashes of colour
Peaceful Zen-like minimalism inside and out
Functional spot with old school charm
Tropical themed hotel overlooking Tiergarten
Rooms with city views and plush toiletries
Royal elegance that radiates class
Rooms feature full windows & en suite baths
Boutique w/traditional Key West architecture
Gourmet Moroccan cuisine & live music shows
Metro stop on-site & breakfast available
Victorian hotel in a garden square near tube
Nice ambiance and perfect for couples
B&B with 24-hour reception
Victorian style rooms, 25 minutes to London
Private beach with pools in a lagoon area
Grand personality and fun spot in the Eastside
A landmark surrounded by eclectic culture
Contemporary spot with exciting appeal
Full kitchens and 42" plasma screens
Premier luxury hotel amidst the golf courses
Cosy interior behind classical Viennese facade
Heated pool & grilling area are popular spots
Terrific location atop the Guttenberg Gallery
Serviced apartment with  many amenities
Variety in the BrightSide breakfast
Classy hotel with sweeping views of the bay
Onsite cafe & wine bar plus a free shuttle 
Premium rooms with soundproofing
Separate living rooms and kitchenettes
Buffet with Mediterranean specialities
Central and nearby to several London museums
outdoor pool and pet friendly rooms
Spacious rooms suitable for larger parties
On-site Terrace Bistro offers full menu fare
Modern rooms and an on-site bar
Refined luxury overlooking the Villa Borghese
Beaux Arts Grand Salon on site 
Oceanview villas with an outdoor pool
Wellness centre with Turkish bath and sauna
Relaxing spa tub with cooling indoor pool
Dramatically different décor for this hotel
Courtyard restaurant with retractable roof
Club-like feel with wood panelling throughout
Free daily breakfast, BBQ grills and spa tub
Rare historic gem right by the station
Complimentary shuttle, cocktail lounge onsite
Outdoor lap pool
Large nautical themed rooms, near Marine Park
Relaxing hotel close to attractions
Ample leisure activities provided onsite
Swaying palms, tropical gardens, ponds and waterfalls
Modern apartments with sun terrace and gym
Pet-friendly, kids stay free and outdoor pool
Pet-friendly luxury hotel near great shopping
Lobby bar also has snacks available
Directly overlooking Intracoastal Waterway
Marvel at the loby and hotels elegance 
Complimentary coffee in the lobby
All-suites hotel with wellness facilities
Quirky vibe with games room & cocktail lounge
Seascape family fun getaway, great activities
Clean lines and natural light abound
Spectacular graphic-art inspired interior
Small central hostel with a full kitchen .
Beautiful pool and rooms near the beach .
Continental breakfast and an outdoor spaces .
Terrace set in lovely gardens .
Air-conditioned rooms near Eiffel Tower .
Fun hotel with great views of the bay .
Pet-friendly hotel ideal for the summer go .
Hotel bar and lounge on site .
Air conditioning and exercise room standard .
Modern hotel close to beach .
Spacious rooms with pool and bar .
All rooms with private balconies .
Quiet hotel close to the airport .
Full service hotel with friendly staff .
Elegant rooms close to beach attractions .
Great location for beach and nightlife .
On-site breakfast and beach .
On-site restaurant and lounge near the airport .
Cozy rooms right on the beach area .
Budget hotel in lively residential area .
Boutique hotel with good in-room amenities .
Beachfront hotel with pool and buffet breakfast .
Great place with indoor pool terrace .
Rooftop pool and bar with private beach .
Several swimming pool and spa services .
Great location close to restaurants and attractions .
Historic hotel with modern décor in the rooms .
Buffet breakfast in the centre of the city area .
Basic facilities including pool by the beach .
Fitness centre with pool and beach bar .
Gorgeous rooftop terrace with views .
Small hotel close to the beach .
Spacious rooms in the heart of the centre .
Great location with free breakfast .
Great bar serving drinks at the hotel .
Beachfront hotel close to attractions .
Great service hotel with a view, balcony .
Family oriented hotel for business or vacation .
Small hotel with views of the city centre .
Great pool and bar near the beach .
Soundproofed rooms with communal lounge .
Elegant rooms in refined hotel .
Beachfront hotel close to the beach .
Budget hotel with simply furnished rooms .
Beachfront hotel close to beach and restaurants .
Great facilities near shopping and restaurants .
Boutique hotel close to the Eiffel Tower .
Kids rooms for families .
Pet-friendly hotel with onsite parking .
Outdoor pool and terrace bar .
Room service and on-site restaurant .
Nice themed hotel with pool and bar .
Lovely roof terrace with views over the Adriatic of the river .
Beachfront with two pools and free breakfast area .
Nice hotel with luxury ammenities .
Full service hotel with good range of food .
Picturesque city views of the hotel .
Chain hotel with breakfast and room .
Pleasant rooms with free airport shuttle .
Patio restaurant with great views of the city center .
Captivating upscale hotel close to airport .
Upscale hotel with lovely garden view .
Walking distance to great shopping at hotel .
Luxury hotel with casino and restaurants .
Daily buffet breakfast and soundproofed rooms .
Full service hotel with great amenities .
Comfy hotel with great city centre .
Small hotel close to the attractions .
Great location with views of the city centre .
Outdoor pool, hot tub and fitness centre .
On-site spa and bar with amazing views .
Restaurant serves modern German cuisine .
Great hotel near the docks of the station .
Budget, clean and central hotel .
Cozy rooms with good business centre .
All-suites hotel with outdoor pool .
Lagoon style swimming pool and spa area .
Good location with great amenities .
Modern hotel with lovely pool terrace area .
Great location for business and nightlife .
Airport hotel with great views .
Great location and an on-site bar .
Airport shuttle services and free breakfast .
Waterfront hotel next to Pier 39 -Fisherman's Wharf .
Great fitness centre with spa and pool .
Budget hotel with good in-room kitchen .
Fantastic rooftop bar and restaurant .
Pet-friendly hotel with breakfast and room .
Basic rooms in the heart of the historic centre .
Quaint and fair hotel .
On-site restaurants and free breakfast .
Historic hotel with hot tub .
Boutique hotel with outdoor pool and spa .
Great location for beach and nightlife .
Lovely hotel with great views .
Beautiful hotel overlooking lobby .
Enjoy views of the art fitness room in downtown .
All-suite hotel near the airport and restaurants .
Luxury boutique hotel with great views .
Buffet breakfast and direct beach access .
Rooms with private bathrooms and toiletries .
Large pool with private beach .
All-suite hotel with popular wine and restaurant .
On-site breakfast and free parking .
Larger rooms can accommodate TV .
Comfy rooms close to the attractions .
Complimentary breakfast and concierge services .
Small hotel with lovely courtyard .
Pet-friendly hotel with kitchenette .
Pleasant gardens with a relaxing sun beds .
Modern design hotel with breakfast and room .
Small central hotel with breakfast room clean .
Trendy ambiance and fantastic hotel .
Breakfast room and metro station in city centre .
Budget hotel with excellent facilities .
Romantic rooftop pool terrace with views .
Small hotel with delightful terrace .
Family run hotel with good in-room restaurant .
Relaxing hostel close to the airport .
Basic hotel right in the city centre .
Great location close to the main station .
Breakfast terrace with great views over the Tuscan river .
Relaxing spa in quiet area .
Great hotel with lake view .
Modern and spacious self-contained apartments in the centre of Barcelona .
Basic and clean hotel within walking distance of the city centre and close to public transportation.
Comfortable rooms with fully equipped kitchens .
Great location, nice rooms and views .
Convenient downtown location .
Great hotel close to the airport .
Large scale hotel with free beach chairs, entertainment and good breakfast.
Basic hotel with great hosts, close to restaurants and walking distance from the beach .
Well-located hotel close to public transportation, much used by locals for special occasions.
Well-equipped apartments located close to village centre and within walking distance from the beach.
Modern luxurious hotel, 15 minute walk to the airport with excellent amenities and great breakfast.
Hotel located in a popular area surrounded by restaurants, easy access to public transportation to Central Prague.
Modern hotel close to the airport and within short driving distance from Legoland, comfortable restaurant on site.
Basic & authentic guesthouse in historic building in Central Amsterdam, serves good breakfast.
Hotel with great service close to the beach .
Modern hotels closely situated to public transportation to tourist attractions, surrounded by cafes and restaurants.
Ideally located hotel for sightseeing with good service and excellent breakfast.
Swimming pool and free boat shuttle .
Central hotel in Venice .
Centrally located hotel close to public transportation, entertainment and city centre within walking distance.
Beautifully situated hotel away from city centre with great breakfast and lake views.
Comfortable, clean and spacious hotel with a beautiful outdoor pool. Conveniently located on the strip .
Modern hotel with easy access to city centre because of close by train station, very nice staff.
Charming hotel with a friendly staff and is conveniently located near the beach .
Lovely hotel in great location with lounge .
Simple hotel within walking distance to the beach .
Central hotel with amazing breakfast .
Clean hotel with awesome room views .
Cozy hotel with a pool overlooking amazing sea views .
Well-located hotel with easy access to metro and good restaurants and bars closeby.
Amazing rooms with friendly staff and a stunning view of the harbour .
Close to the beach and with kitchen facilities available .
Relaxing stay with a beautiful sea view .
Basic hotel but ideally located for entertainment, nightlife, in the buzzing city centre.
Great breakfast in a good location .
Chich hotel with a charming atmosphere and a lovely pool .
A comfortable and affordable stay with excellent staff .
Relaxing and enjoyable hotel conveniently located by the beach .
Hostel close to transport interchange .
Affordable hotel in the heart of the city .
Large-scale hotel with great service and good amenities, situated close to the airport.
Affordable rooms with free parking .
Beautiful views, modern, clean and spacious rooms. Great bar and restaurant on premise. Indoor and outdoor pool and parking.
Spacious rooms with a stellar view of the lake .
Charming design, ideal location, perfect for sightseeing and relaxing in Paris .
Spacious and comfortable rooms with amazing sea views .
Conveniently located and clean. True value for your money!
Clean and spacious rooms accommodated by very hospitable staff .
Comfortable rooms complemented by an excellent breakfast .
Very spacious room and pleasant staff made the stay quite enjoyable .
Hotel near the airport with a pool .
Spacious rooms with friendly staff and a delicious breakfast .
Beach hostel with a pool .
An affordable stay and an easy train ride to Disneyland.
Well-kept hotel with a spacious pool. Trees and water view complement the hotel well .
Pet-friendly hotel with great location.
Very spacious hotel conveniently located between the old town and waterfront .
Clean rooms and central location .
Modern hotel with charm, great service .
Excellent location .
Pet-friendly hotel with great breakfast .
Friendly service .
Gorgeous hotel with an outdoor swimming pool .
Close to the airport and with an on site restaurant .
Excellent location and an on-site fitness centre .
Good hotel with comfortable rooms .
Cozy aparthotel with great breakfast .
Motel near the airport, with breakfast and pool .
Hotel near downtown, with pool, spa and breakfast .
Chic design hotel in a great location .
Good price to quality hotel in a good location .
Clean and modern motel with onsite restaurant .
Great value for downtown accommodations .
Close to the beach with a great pool area .
Large property with pool and spa .
Beach resort at an excellent location .
Traditionally Spanish hotel with delicious local foods .
Cute b&b with a lovely breakfast .
Nice hotel with great views .
Room condition is old but small and clean, reception is great and helpful staffs. Located in the centre accessible to all public transportations .
